[Living to Please Others] 1 We who are strong must be considerate of those who are sensitive about things like this. We must not just please ourselves. 2 We should help others do what is right and build them up in the Lord. 3 For even Christ didn't live to please himself. As the Scriptures say, "The insults of those who insult you, O God, have fallen on me."[a] 4 Such things were written in the Scriptures long ago to teach us. And the Scriptures give us hope and encouragement as we wait patiently for God's promises to be fulfilled.5 May God, who gives this patience and encouragement, help you live in complete harmony with each other, as is fitting for followers of Christ Jesus. 6 Then all of you can join together with one voice, giving praise and glory to God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.7 Therefore, accept each other just as Christ has accepted you so that God will be given glory. 8 Remember that Christ came as a servant to the Jews[b] to show that God is true to the promises he made to their ancestors. 9 He also came so that the Gentiles might give glory to God for his mercies to them. That is what the psalmist meant when he wrote:  "For this, I will praise you among the Gentiles; I will sing praises to your name."[c]10 And in another place it is written, "Rejoice with his people, you Gentiles."[d]11 And yet again, "Praise the Lord , all you Gentiles. Praise him, all you people of the earth."[e]12 And in another place Isaiah said,  "The heir to David's throne[f] will come, and he will rule over the Gentiles. They will place their hope on him."[g]13 I pray that God, the source of hope, will fill you completely with joy and peace because you trust in him. Then you will overflow with confident hope through the power of the Holy Spirit. [Paul's Reason for Writing] 14 I am fully convinced, my dear brothers and sisters,[h] that you are full of goodness. You know these things so well you can teach each other all about them. 15 Even so, I have been bold enough to write about some of these points, knowing that all you need is this reminder. For by God's grace, 16 I am a special messenger from Christ Jesus to you Gentiles. I bring you the Good News so that I might present you as an acceptable offering to God, made holy by the Holy Spirit. 17 So I have reason to be enthusiastic about all Christ Jesus has done through me in my service to God. 18 Yet I dare not boast about anything except what Christ has done through me, bringing the Gentiles to God by my message and by the way I worked among them. 19 They were convinced by the power of miraculous signs and wonders and by the power of God's Spirit.[i] In this way, I have fully presented the Good News of Christ from Jerusalem all the way to Illyricum.[j]20 My ambition has always been to preach the Good News where the name of Christ has never been heard, rather than where a church has already been started by someone else. 21 I have been following the plan spoken of in the Scriptures, where it says,  "Those who have never been told about him will see, and those who have never heard of him will understand."[k]22 In fact, my visit to you has been delayed so long because I have been preaching in these places. [Paul's Travel Plans] 23 But now I have finished my work in these regions, and after all these long years of waiting, I am eager to visit you. 24 I am planning to go to Spain, and when I do, I will stop off in Rome. And after I have enjoyed your fellowship for a little while, you can provide for my journey.25 But before I come, I must go to Jerusalem to take a gift to the believers[l] there. 26 For you see, the believers in Macedonia and Achaia[m] have eagerly taken up an offering for the poor among the believers in Jerusalem. 27 They were glad to do this because they feel they owe a real debt to them. Since the Gentiles received the spiritual blessings of the Good News from the believers in Jerusalem, they feel the least they can do in return is to help them financially. 28 As soon as I have delivered this money and completed this good deed of theirs, I will come to see you on my way to Spain. 29 And I am sure that when I come, Christ will richly bless our time together.30 Dear brothers and sisters, I urge you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ to join in my struggle by praying to God for me. Do this because of your love for me, given to you by the Holy Spirit. 31 Pray that I will be rescued from those in Judea who refuse to obey God. Pray also that the believers there will be willing to accept the donation[n] I am taking to Jerusalem. 32 Then, by the will of God, I will be able to come to you with a joyful heart, and we will be an encouragement to each other.33 And now may God, who gives us his peace, be with you all. Amen.[o]Footnotes:a.   15:3 Greek who insult you have fallen on me. Ps 69:9.  b.   15:8 Greek servant of circumcision.  c.   15:9 Ps 18:49. d.   15:10 Deut 32:43. e.   15:11 Ps 117:1. f.   15:12a Greek The root of Jesse. David was the son of Jesse.  g.   15:12b Isa 11:10 (Greek version). h.   15:14 Greek brothers; also in 15:30.  i.   15:19a Other manuscripts read the Spirit; still others read the Holy Spirit.  j.   15:19b Illyricum was a region northeast of Italy. k.   15:21 Isa 52:15 (Greek version). l.   15:25 Greek God's holy people; also in 15:26, 31.  m.   15:26 Macedonia and Achaia were the northern and southern regions of Greece.  n.   15:31 Greek the ministry; other manuscripts read the gift.  o.   15:33 Some manuscripts do not include Amen. One very early manuscript places 16:25-27 here.        
