[Absalom's Rebellion] 1 After this, Absalom bought a chariot and horses, and he hired fifty bodyguards to run ahead of him. 2 He got up early every morning and went out to the gate of the city. When people brought a case to the king for judgment, Absalom would ask where in Israel they were from, and they would tell him their tribe. 3 Then Absalom would say, "You've really got a strong case here! It's too bad the king doesn't have anyone to hear it. 4 I wish I were the judge. Then everyone could bring their cases to me for judgment, and I would give them justice!"5 When people tried to bow before him, Absalom wouldn't let them. Instead, he took them by the hand and kissed them. 6 Absalom did this with everyone who came to the king for judgment, and so he stole the hearts of all the people of Israel.7 After four years,[a] Absalom said to the king, "Let me go to Hebron to offer a sacrifice to the Lord  and fulfill a vow I made to him. 8 For while your servant was at Geshur in Aram, I promised to sacrifice to the Lord  in Hebron[b] if he would bring me back to Jerusalem."9 "All right," the king told him. "Go and fulfill your vow." So Absalom went to Hebron. 10 But while he was there, he sent secret messengers to all the tribes of Israel to stir up a rebellion against the king. "As soon as you hear the ram's horn," his message read, "you are to say, "Absalom has been crowned king in Hebron.'" 11 He took 200 men from Jerusalem with him as guests, but they knew nothing of his intentions. 12 While Absalom was offering the sacrifices, he sent for Ahithophel, one of David's counselors who lived in Giloh. Soon many others also joined Absalom, and the conspiracy gained momentum. [David Escapes from Jerusalem] 13 A messenger soon arrived in Jerusalem to tell David, "All Israel has joined Absalom in a conspiracy against you!"14 "Then we must flee at once, or it will be too late!" David urged his men. "Hurry! If we get out of the city before Absalom arrives, both we and the city of Jerusalem will be spared from disaster."15 "We are with you," his advisers replied. "Do what you think is best."16 So the king and all his household set out at once. He left no one behind except ten of his concubines to look after the palace. 17 The king and all his people set out on foot, pausing at the last house 18 to let all the king's men move past to lead the way. There were 600 men from Gath who had come with David, along with the king's bodyguard.[c]19 Then the king turned and said to Ittai, a leader of the men from Gath, "Why are you coming with us? Go on back to King Absalom, for you are a guest in Israel, a foreigner in exile. 20 You arrived only recently, and should I force you today to wander with us? I don't even know where we will go. Go on back and take your kinsmen with you, and may the Lord  show you his unfailing love and faithfulness.[d]"21 But Ittai said to the king, "I vow by the Lord  and by your own life that I will go wherever my lord the king goes, no matter what happens-whether it means life or death."22 David replied, "All right, come with us." So Ittai and all his men and their families went along.23 Everyone cried loudly as the king and his followers passed by. They crossed the Kidron Valley and then went out toward the wilderness.24 Zadok and all the Levites also came along, carrying the Ark of the Covenant of God. They set down the Ark of God, and Abiathar offered sacrifices[e] until everyone had passed out of the city.25 Then the king instructed Zadok to take the Ark of God back into the city. "If the Lord  sees fit," David said, "he will bring me back to see the Ark and the Tabernacle[f] again. 26 But if he is through with me, then let him do what seems best to him."27 The king also told Zadok the priest, "Look,[g] here is my plan. You and Abiathar[h] should return quietly to the city with your son Ahimaaz and Abiathar's son Jonathan. 28 I will stop at the shallows of the Jordan River[i] and wait there for a report from you." 29 So Zadok and Abiathar took the Ark of God back to the city and stayed there.30 David walked up the road to the Mount of Olives, weeping as he went. His head was covered and his feet were bare as a sign of mourning. And the people who were with him covered their heads and wept as they climbed the hill. 31 When someone told David that his adviser Ahithophel was now backing Absalom, David prayed, "O Lord , let Ahithophel give Absalom foolish advice!"32 When David reached the summit of the Mount of Olives where people worshiped God, Hushai the Arkite was waiting there for him. Hushai had torn his clothing and put dirt on his head as a sign of mourning. 33 But David told him, "If you go with me, you will only be a burden. 34 Return to Jerusalem and tell Absalom, "I will now be your adviser, O king, just as I was your father's adviser in the past.' Then you can frustrate and counter Ahithophel's advice. 35 Zadok and Abiathar, the priests, will be there. Tell them about the plans being made in the king's palace, 36 and they will send their sons Ahimaaz and Jonathan to tell me what is going on."37 So David's friend Hushai returned to Jerusalem, getting there just as Absalom arrived.       Footnotes:a.   15:7 As in Greek and Syriac versions; Hebrew reads forty years.  b.   15:8 As in some Greek manuscripts; Hebrew lacks in Hebron.  c.   15:18 Hebrew the Kerethites and Pelethites. d.   15:20 As in Greek version; Hebrew reads and may unfailing love and faithfulness go with you.  e.   15:24 Or Abiathar went up.  f.   15:25 Hebrew and his dwelling place.  g.   15:27a As in Greek version; Hebrew reads Are you a seer? or Do you see?  h.   15:27b Hebrew lacks and Abiathar; compare 15:29.  i.   15:28 Hebrew at the crossing points of the wilderness.  
