1After this, David subdued and humbled the Philistines by conquering Gath, their largest city.[a]  2David also conquered the land of Moab. He made the people lie down on the ground in a row, and he measured them off in groups with a length of rope. He measured off two groups to be executed for every one group to be spared. The Moabites who were spared became David's servants and brought him tribute money.3David also destroyed the forces of Hadadezer son of Rehob, king of Zobah, when Hadadezer marched out to strengthen his control along the Euphrates River.  4David captured seventeen hundred charioteers[b] and twenty thousand foot soldiers. Then he crippled all but one hundred of the chariot horses.5When Arameans from Damascus arrived to help Hadadezer, David killed twenty-two thousand of them. 6Then he placed several army garrisons in Damascus, the Aramean capital, and the Arameans became David's subjects and brought him tribute money. So the LORD gave David victory wherever he went.  7David brought the gold shields of Hadadezer's officers to Jerusalem,  8along with a large amount of bronze from Hadadezer's cities of Tebah[c] and Berothai.9When King Toi of Hamath heard that David had destroyed the army of Hadadezer,  10he sent his son Joram to congratulate David on his success. Hadadezer and Toi had long been enemies, and there had been many wars between them. Joram presented David with many gifts of silver, gold, and bronze.  11King David dedicated all these gifts to the LORD, along with the silver and gold he had set apart from the other nations he had subdued--  12Edom,[d] Moab, Ammon, Philistia, and Amalek--and from Hadadezer son of Rehob, king of Zobah.13So David became very famous. After his return he destroyed eighteen thousand Edomites[e] in the Valley of Salt.  14He placed army garrisons throughout Edom, and all the Edomites became David's subjects. This was another example of how the LORD made David victorious wherever he went.15David reigned over all Israel and was fair to everyone.  16Joab son of Zeruiah was commander of the army. Jehoshaphat son of Ahilud was the royal historian.  17Zadok son of Ahitub and Ahimelech son of Abiathar were the priests. Seraiah was the court secretary.  18Benaiah son of Jehoiada was captain of the king's bodyguard.[f] David's sons served as priestly leaders.[g]