[David Becomes King of All Israel] 1 Then all the tribes of Israel went to David at Hebron and told him, "We are your own flesh and blood. 2 In the past,[a] when Saul was our king, you were the one who really led the forces of Israel. And the Lord  told you, "You will be the shepherd of my people Israel. You will be Israel's leader.'"3 So there at Hebron, King David made a covenant before the Lord  with all the elders of Israel. And they anointed him king of Israel.4 David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in all. 5 He had reigned over Judah from Hebron for seven years and six months, and from Jerusalem he reigned over all Israel and Judah for thirty-three years. [David Captures Jerusalem] 6 David then led his men to Jerusalem to fight against the Jebusites, the original inhabitants of the land who were living there. The Jebusites taunted David, saying, "You'll never get in here! Even the blind and lame could keep you out!" For the Jebusites thought they were safe. 7 But David captured the fortress of Zion, which is now called the City of David.8 On the day of the attack, David said to his troops, "I hate those "lame' and "blind' Jebusites.[b] Whoever attacks them should strike by going into the city through the water tunnel.[c]" That is the origin of the saying, "The blind and the lame may not enter the house."[d]9 So David made the fortress his home, and he called it the City of David. He extended the city, starting at the supporting terraces[e] and working inward. 10 And David became more and more powerful, because the Lord  God of Heaven's Armies was with him.11 Then King Hiram of Tyre sent messengers to David, along with cedar timber and carpenters and stonemasons, and they built David a palace. 12 And David realized that the Lord  had confirmed him as king over Israel and had blessed his kingdom for the sake of his people Israel.13 After moving from Hebron to Jerusalem, David married more concubines and wives, and they had more sons and daughters. 14 These are the names of David's sons who were born in Jerusalem: Shammua, Shobab, Nathan, Solomon, 15 Ibhar, Elishua, Nepheg, Japhia, 16 Elishama, Eliada, and Eliphelet. [David Conquers the Philistines] 17 When the Philistines heard that David had been anointed king of Israel, they mobilized all their forces to capture him. But David was told they were coming, so he went into the stronghold. 18 The Philistines arrived and spread out across the valley of Rephaim. 19 So David asked the Lord , "Should I go out to fight the Philistines? Will you hand them over to me?" The Lord  replied to David, "Yes, go ahead. I will certainly hand them over to you."20 So David went to Baal-perazim and defeated the Philistines there. "The Lord  did it!" David exclaimed. "He burst through my enemies like a raging flood!" So he named that place Baal-perazim (which means "the Lord who bursts through"). 21 The Philistines had abandoned their idols there, so David and his men confiscated them.22 But after a while the Philistines returned and again spread out across the valley of Rephaim. 23 And again David asked the Lord  what to do. "Do not attack them straight on," the Lord  replied. "Instead, circle around behind and attack them near the poplar[f] trees. 24 When you hear a sound like marching feet in the tops of the poplar trees, be on the alert! That will be the signal that the Lord  is moving ahead of you to strike down the Philistine army." 25 So David did what the Lord  commanded, and he struck down the Philistines all the way from Gibeon[g] to Gezer.       Footnotes:a.   5:2 Or For some time.  b.   5:8a Or Those "lame' and "blind' Jebusites hate me.  c.   5:8b Or with scaling hooks. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  d.   5:8c The meaning of this saying is uncertain. e.   5:9 Hebrew the millo. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  f.   5:23 Or aspen, or balsam; also in 5:24. The exact identification of this tree is uncertain.  g.   5:25 As in Greek version (see also 1 Chr 14:16); Hebrew reads Geba.  