[The ] [Lord] [ Will Restore His People] 1 Ask the Lord  for rain in the spring, for he makes the storm clouds. And he will send showers of rain so every field becomes a lush pasture.2 Household gods give worthless advice, fortune-tellers predict only lies, and interpreters of dreams pronounce falsehoods that give no comfort. So my people are wandering like lost sheep; they are attacked because they have no shepherd.3 "My anger burns against your shepherds, and I will punish these leaders.*For the Lord  of Heaven's Armies has arrived to look after Judah, his flock. He will make them strong and glorious, like a proud warhorse in battle.4 From Judah will come the cornerstone, the tent peg, the bow for battle, and all the rulers.5 They will be like mighty warriors in battle, trampling their enemies in the mud under their feet. Since the Lord  is with them as they fight, they will overthrow even the enemy's horsemen.6 "I will strengthen Judah and save Israel*; I will restore them because of my compassion. It will be as though I had never rejected them, for I am the Lord  their God, who will hear their cries.7 The people of Israel* will become like mighty warriors, and their hearts will be made happy as if by wine. Their children, too, will see it and be glad; their hearts will rejoice in the Lord .8 When I whistle to them, they will come running, for I have redeemed them. From the few who are left, they will grow as numerous as they were before.9 Though I have scattered them like seeds among the nations, they will still remember me in distant lands. They and their children will survive and return again to Israel.10 I will bring them back from Egypt and gather them from Assyria. I will resettle them in Gilead and Lebanon until there is no more room for them all.11 They will pass safely through the sea of distress,*for the waves of the sea will be held back, and the waters of the Nile will dry up. The pride of Assyria will be crushed, and the rule of Egypt will end.12 By my power* I will make my people strong, and by my authority they will go wherever they wish. I, the Lord , have spoken!"       Footnotes: 10:3 Or these male goats.   10:6 Hebrew save the house of Joseph.   10:7 Hebrew of Ephraim.   10:11 Or the sea of Egypt, referring to the Red Sea.   10:12 Hebrew In the Lord .  
