[The ] [Lord] [ Will Rule the Earth] 1 Watch, for the day of the Lord  is coming when your possessions will be plundered right in front of you! 2 I will gather all the nations to fight against Jerusalem. The city will be taken, the houses looted, and the women raped. Half the population will be taken into captivity, and the rest will be left among the ruins of the city.3 Then the Lord  will go out to fight against those nations, as he has fought in times past. 4 On that day his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, east of Jerusalem. And the Mount of Olives will split apart, making a wide valley running from east to west. Half the mountain will move toward the north and half toward the south. 5 You will flee through this valley, for it will reach across to Azal.* Yes, you will flee as you did from the earthquake in the days of King Uzziah of Judah. Then the Lord  my God will come, and all his holy ones with him.*On that day the sources of light will no longer shine,* 7 yet there will be continuous day! Only the Lord  knows how this could happen. There will be no normal day and night, for at evening time it will still be light.8 On that day life-giving waters will flow out from Jerusalem, half toward the Dead Sea and half toward the Mediterranean,* flowing continuously in both summer and winter.9 And the Lord  will be king over all the earth. On that day there will be one Lord -his name alone will be worshiped.10 All the land from Geba, north of Judah, to Rimmon, south of Jerusalem, will become one vast plain. But Jerusalem will be raised up in its original place and will be inhabited all the way from the Benjamin Gate over to the site of the old gate, then to the Corner Gate, and from the Tower of Hananel to the king's winepresses. 11 And Jerusalem will be filled, safe at last, never again to be cursed and destroyed.12 And the Lord  will send a plague on all the nations that fought against Jerusalem. Their people will become like walking corpses, their flesh rotting away. Their eyes will rot in their sockets, and their tongues will rot in their mouths. 13 On that day they will be terrified, stricken by the Lord  with great panic. They will fight their neighbors hand to hand. 14 Judah, too, will be fighting at Jerusalem. The wealth of all the neighboring nations will be captured-great quantities of gold and silver and fine clothing. 15 This same plague will strike the horses, mules, camels, donkeys, and all the other animals in the enemy camps.16 In the end, the enemies of Jerusalem who survive the plague will go up to Jerusalem each year to worship the King, the Lord  of Heaven's Armies, and to celebrate the Festival of Shelters. 17 Any nation in the world that refuses to come to Jerusalem to worship the King, the Lord  of Heaven's Armies, will have no rain. 18 If the people of Egypt refuse to attend the festival, the Lord  will punish* them with the same plague that he sends on the other nations who refuse to go. 19 Egypt and the other nations will all be punished if they don't go to celebrate the Festival of Shelters.20 On that day even the harness bells of the horses will be inscribed with these words: Holy to the Lord . And the cooking pots in the Temple of the Lord  will be as sacred as the basins used beside the altar. 21 In fact, every cooking pot in Jerusalem and Judah will be holy to the Lord  of Heaven's Armies. All who come to worship will be free to use any of these pots to boil their sacrifices. And on that day there will no longer be traders* in the Temple of the Lord  of Heaven's Armies.       Footnotes: 14:5a The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.   14:5b As in Greek version; Hebrew reads with you. 6  14:6 Hebrew the precious ones shall diminish; or the precious ones and frost. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.   14:8 Hebrew half toward the eastern sea and half toward the western sea.   14:18 As in some Hebrew manuscripts and Greek and Syriac versions; Masoretic Text reads will not punish.   14:21 Hebrew Canaanites.  
