[Laws concerning Offerings] 1 Then the Lord  told Moses, 2 "Give the following instructions to the people of Israel. "When you finally settle in the land I am giving you, 3 you will offer special gifts as a pleasing aroma to the Lord . These gifts may take the form of a burnt offering, a sacrifice to fulfill a vow, a voluntary offering, or an offering at any of your annual festivals, and they may be taken from your herds of cattle or your flocks of sheep and goats. 4 When you present these offerings, you must also give the Lord  a grain offering of two quarts* of choice flour mixed with one quart* of olive oil. 5 For each lamb offered as a burnt offering or a special sacrifice, you must also present one quart of wine as a liquid offering.6 "If the sacrifice is a ram, give a grain offering of four quarts* of choice flour mixed with a third of a gallon* of olive oil, 7 and give a third of a gallon of wine as a liquid offering. This will be a pleasing aroma to the Lord .8 "When you present a young bull as a burnt offering or as a sacrifice to fulfill a vow or as a peace offering to the Lord , 9 you must also give a grain offering of six quarts* of choice flour mixed with two quarts* of olive oil, 10 and give two quarts of wine as a liquid offering. This will be a special gift, a pleasing aroma to the Lord .11 "Each sacrifice of a bull, ram, lamb, or young goat should be prepared in this way. 12 Follow these instructions with each offering you present. 13 All of you native-born Israelites must follow these instructions when you offer a special gift as a pleasing aroma to the Lord . 14 And if any foreigners visit you or live among you and want to present a special gift as a pleasing aroma to the Lord , they must follow these same procedures. 15 Native-born Israelites and foreigners are equal before the Lord  and are subject to the same decrees. This is a permanent law for you, to be observed from generation to generation. 16 The same instructions and regulations will apply both to you and to the foreigners living among you."17 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 18 "Give the following instructions to the people of Israel. "When you arrive in the land where I am taking you, 19 and you eat the crops that grow there, you must set some aside as a sacred offering to the Lord . 20 Present a cake from the first of the flour you grind, and set it aside as a sacred offering, as you do with the first grain from the threshing floor. 21 Throughout the generations to come, you are to present a sacred offering to the Lord  each year from the first of your ground flour.22 "But suppose you unintentionally fail to carry out all these commands that the Lord  has given you through Moses. 23 And suppose your descendants in the future fail to do everything the Lord  has commanded through Moses. 24 If the mistake was made unintentionally, and the community was unaware of it, the whole community must present a young bull for a burnt offering as a pleasing aroma to the Lord . It must be offered along with its prescribed grain offering and liquid offering and with one male goat for a sin offering. 25 With it the priest will purify the whole community of Israel, making them right with the Lord ,* and they will be forgiven. For it was an unintentional sin, and they have corrected it with their offerings to the Lord -the special gift and the sin offering. 26 The whole community of Israel will be forgiven, including the foreigners living among you, for all the people were involved in the sin.27 "If one individual commits an unintentional sin, the guilty person must bring a one-year-old female goat for a sin offering. 28 The priest will sacrifice it to purify* the guilty person before the Lord , and that person will be forgiven. 29 These same instructions apply both to native-born Israelites and to the foreigners living among you.30 "But those who brazenly violate the Lord 's will, whether native-born Israelites or foreigners, have blasphemed the Lord , and they must be cut off from the community. 31 Since they have treated the Lord 's word with contempt and deliberately disobeyed his command, they must be completely cut off and suffer the punishment for their guilt." [Penalty for Breaking the Sabbath] 32 One day while the people of Israel were in the wilderness, they discovered a man gathering wood on the Sabbath day. 33 The people who found him doing this took him before Moses, Aaron, and the rest of the community. 34 They held him in custody because they did not know what to do with him. 35 Then the Lord  said to Moses, "The man must be put to death! The whole community must stone him outside the camp." 36 So the whole community took the man outside the camp and stoned him to death, just as the Lord  had commanded Moses. [Tassels on Clothing] 37 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 38 "Give the following instructions to the people of Israel: Throughout the generations to come you must make tassels for the hems of your clothing and attach them with a blue cord. 39 When you see the tassels, you will remember and obey all the commands of the Lord  instead of following your own desires and defiling yourselves, as you are prone to do. 40 The tassels will help you remember that you must obey all my commands and be holy to your God. 41 I am the Lord  your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt that I might be your God. I am the Lord  your God!"       Footnotes: 15:4a Hebrew 1 10 of an ephah [2.2 liters].   15:4b Hebrew 1 4 of a hin [1 liter]; also in 15:5.   15:6a Hebrew 2 10 of an ephah [4.4 liters].   15:6b Hebrew 1 3 of a hin [1.3 liters]; also in 15:7.   15:9a Hebrew 3 10 of an ephah [6.6 liters].   15:9b Hebrew 1 2 of a hin [2 liters]; also in 15:10.   15:25 Or will make atonement for the whole community of Israel.   15:28 Or to make atonement for.  
