[Balak Sends for Balaam] 1 Then the people of Israel traveled to the plains of Moab and camped east of the Jordan River, across from Jericho. 2 Balak son of Zippor, the Moabite king, had seen everything the Israelites did to the Amorites. 3 And when the people of Moab saw how many Israelites there were, they were terrified. 4 The king of Moab said to the elders of Midian, "This mob will devour everything in sight, like an ox devours grass in the field!" So Balak, king of Moab, 5 sent messengers to call Balaam son of Beor, who was living in his native land of Pethor* near the Euphrates River.* His message said: "Look, a vast horde of people has arrived from Egypt. They cover the face of the earth and are threatening me. 6 Please come and curse these people for me because they are too powerful for me. Then perhaps I will be able to conquer them and drive them from the land. I know that blessings fall on any people you bless, and curses fall on people you curse."7 Balak's messengers, who were elders of Moab and Midian, set out with money to pay Balaam to place a curse upon Israel.* They went to Balaam and delivered Balak's message to him. 8 "Stay here overnight," Balaam said. "In the morning I will tell you whatever the Lord  directs me to say." So the officials from Moab stayed there with Balaam.9 That night God came to Balaam and asked him, "Who are these men visiting you?"10 Balaam said to God, "Balak son of Zippor, king of Moab, has sent me this message: 11 "Look, a vast horde of people has arrived from Egypt, and they cover the face of the earth. Come and curse these people for me. Then perhaps I will be able to stand up to them and drive them from the land.'"12 But God told Balaam, "Do not go with them. You are not to curse these people, for they have been blessed!"13 The next morning Balaam got up and told Balak's officials, "Go on home! The Lord  will not let me go with you."14 So the Moabite officials returned to King Balak and reported, "Balaam refused to come with us." 15 Then Balak tried again. This time he sent a larger number of even more distinguished officials than those he had sent the first time. 16 They went to Balaam and delivered this message to him: "This is what Balak son of Zippor says: Please don't let anything stop you from coming to help me. 17 I will pay you very well and do whatever you tell me. Just come and curse these people for me!"18 But Balaam responded to Balak's messengers, "Even if Balak were to give me his palace filled with silver and gold, I would be powerless to do anything against the will of the Lord  my God. 19 But stay here one more night, and I will see if the Lord  has anything else to say to me."20 That night God came to Balaam and told him, "Since these men have come for you, get up and go with them. But do only what I tell you to do." [Balaam and His Donkey] 21 So the next morning Balaam got up, saddled his donkey, and started off with the Moabite officials. 22 But God was angry that Balaam was going, so he sent the angel of the Lord  to stand in the road to block his way. As Balaam and two servants were riding along, 23 Balaam's donkey saw the angel of the Lord  standing in the road with a drawn sword in his hand. The donkey bolted off the road into a field, but Balaam beat it and turned it back onto the road. 24 Then the angel of the Lord  stood at a place where the road narrowed between two vineyard walls. 25 When the donkey saw the angel of the Lord , it tried to squeeze by and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall. So Balaam beat the donkey again. 26 Then the angel of the Lord  moved farther down the road and stood in a place too narrow for the donkey to get by at all. 27 This time when the donkey saw the angel, it lay down under Balaam. In a fit of rage Balaam beat the animal again with his staff.28 Then the Lord  gave the donkey the ability to speak. "What have I done to you that deserves your beating me three times?" it asked Balaam.29 "You have made me look like a fool!" Balaam shouted. "If I had a sword with me, I would kill you!"30 "But I am the same donkey you have ridden all your life," the donkey answered. "Have I ever done anything like this before?" "No," Balaam admitted.31 Then the Lord  opened Balaam's eyes, and he saw the angel of the Lord  standing in the roadway with a drawn sword in his hand. Balaam bowed his head and fell face down on the ground before him.32 "Why did you beat your donkey those three times?" the angel of the Lord  demanded. "Look, I have come to block your way because you are stubbornly resisting me. 33 Three times the donkey saw me and shied away; otherwise, I would certainly have killed you by now and spared the donkey."34 Then Balaam confessed to the angel of the Lord , "I have sinned. I didn't realize you were standing in the road to block my way. I will return home if you are against my going."35 But the angel of the Lord  told Balaam, "Go with these men, but say only what I tell you to say." So Balaam went on with Balak's officials. 36 When King Balak heard that Balaam was on the way, he went out to meet him at a Moabite town on the Arnon River at the farthest border of his land.37 "Didn't I send you an urgent invitation? Why didn't you come right away?" Balak asked Balaam. "Didn't you believe me when I said I would reward you richly?"38 Balaam replied, "Look, now I have come, but I have no power to say whatever I want. I will speak only the message that God puts in my mouth." 39 Then Balaam accompanied Balak to Kiriath-huzoth, 40 where the king sacrificed cattle and sheep. He sent portions of the meat to Balaam and the officials who were with him. 41 The next morning Balak took Balaam up to Bamoth-baal. From there he could see some of the people of Israel spread out below him.       Footnotes: 22:5a Or who was at Pethor in the land of the Amavites.   22:5b Hebrew the river.   22:7 Hebrew set out with the money of divination in their hand.  
