[The Budding of Aaron's Staff] 1*Then the Lord  said to Moses, 2 "Tell the people of Israel to bring you twelve wooden staffs, one from each leader of Israel's ancestral tribes, and inscribe each leader's name on his staff. 3 Inscribe Aaron's name on the staff of the tribe of Levi, for there must be one staff for the leader of each ancestral tribe. 4 Place these staffs in the Tabernacle in front of the Ark containing the tablets of the Covenant,* where I meet with you. 5 Buds will sprout on the staff belonging to the man I choose. Then I will finally put an end to the people's murmuring and complaining against you."6 So Moses gave the instructions to the people of Israel, and each of the twelve tribal leaders, including Aaron, brought Moses a staff. 7 Moses placed the staffs in the Lord 's presence in the Tabernacle of the Covenant.* 8 When he went into the Tabernacle of the Covenant the next day, he found that Aaron's staff, representing the tribe of Levi, had sprouted, budded, blossomed, and produced ripe almonds!9 When Moses brought all the staffs out from the Lord 's presence, he showed them to the people. Each man claimed his own staff. 10 And the Lord  said to Moses: "Place Aaron's staff permanently before the Ark of the Covenant* to serve as a warning to rebels. This should put an end to their complaints against me and prevent any further deaths." 11 So Moses did as the Lord  commanded him.12 Then the people of Israel said to Moses, "Look, we are doomed! We are dead! We are ruined! 13 Everyone who even comes close to the Tabernacle of the Lord  dies. Are we all doomed to die?"       Footnotes: 17:1 Verses 17:1-13 are numbered 17:16-28 in Hebrew text.   17:4 Hebrew in the Tent of Meeting before the Testimony. The Hebrew word for "testimony" refers to the terms of the Lord 's covenant with Israel as written on stone tablets, which were kept in the Ark, and also to the covenant itself.   17:7 Or Tabernacle of the Testimony; also in 17:8.   17:10 Hebrew before the Testimony; see note on 17:4.  
