[The Second Registration of Israel's Troops] 1 After the plague had ended,* the Lord  said to Moses and to Eleazar son of Aaron the priest, 2 "From the whole community of Israel, record the names of all the warriors by their families. List all the men twenty years old or older who are able to go to war."3 So there on the plains of Moab beside the Jordan River, across from Jericho, Moses and Eleazar the priest issued these instructions to the leaders of Israel: 4 "List all the men of Israel twenty years old and older, just as the Lord  commanded Moses." This is the record of all the descendants of Israel who came out of Egypt. [The Tribe of Reuben] 5 These were the clans descended from the sons of Reuben, Jacob's* oldest son: The Hanochite clan, named after their ancestor Hanoch. The Palluite clan, named after their ancestor Pallu.6 The Hezronite clan, named after their ancestor Hezron. The Carmite clan, named after their ancestor Carmi.7 These were the clans of Reuben. Their registered troops numbered 43,730.8 Pallu was the ancestor of Eliab, 9 and Eliab was the father of Nemuel, Dathan, and Abiram. This Dathan and Abiram are the same community leaders who conspired with Korah against Moses and Aaron, rebelling against the Lord . 10 But the earth opened up its mouth and swallowed them with Korah, and fire devoured 250 of their followers. This served as a warning to the entire nation of Israel. 11 However, the sons of Korah did not die that day. [The Tribe of Simeon] 12 These were the clans descended from the sons of Simeon: The Jemuelite clan, named after their ancestor Jemuel.*The Jaminite clan, named after their ancestor Jamin. The Jakinite clan, named after their ancestor Jakin.13 The Zoharite clan, named after their ancestor Zohar.*The Shaulite clan, named after their ancestor Shaul.14 These were the clans of Simeon. Their registered troops numbered 22,200. [The Tribe of Gad] 15 These were the clans descended from the sons of Gad: The Zephonite clan, named after their ancestor Zephon. The Haggite clan, named after their ancestor Haggi. The Shunite clan, named after their ancestor Shuni.16 The Oznite clan, named after their ancestor Ozni. The Erite clan, named after their ancestor Eri.17 The Arodite clan, named after their ancestor Arodi.*The Arelite clan, named after their ancestor Areli.18 These were the clans of Gad. Their registered troops numbered 40,500. [The Tribe of Judah] 19 Judah had two sons, Er and Onan, who had died in the land of Canaan. 20 These were the clans descended from Judah's surviving sons: The Shelanite clan, named after their ancestor Shelah. The Perezite clan, named after their ancestor Perez. The Zerahite clan, named after their ancestor Zerah.21 These were the subclans descended from the Perezites: The Hezronites, named after their ancestor Hezron. The Hamulites, named after their ancestor Hamul.22 These were the clans of Judah. Their registered troops numbered 76,500. [The Tribe of Issachar] 23 These were the clans descended from the sons of Issachar: The Tolaite clan, named after their ancestor Tola. The Puite clan, named after their ancestor Puah.*The Jashubite clan, named after their ancestor Jashub. The Shimronite clan, named after their ancestor Shimron.25 These were the clans of Issachar. Their registered troops numbered 64,300. [The Tribe of Zebulun] 26 These were the clans descended from the sons of Zebulun: The Seredite clan, named after their ancestor Sered. The Elonite clan, named after their ancestor Elon. The Jahleelite clan, named after their ancestor Jahleel.27 These were the clans of Zebulun. Their registered troops numbered 60,500. [The Tribe of Manasseh] 28 Two clans were descended from Joseph through Manasseh and Ephraim.29 These were the clans descended from Manasseh: The Makirite clan, named after their ancestor Makir. The Gileadite clan, named after their ancestor Gilead, Makir's son.30 These were the subclans descended from the Gileadites: The Iezerites, named after their ancestor Iezer. The Helekites, named after their ancestor Helek.31 The Asrielites, named after their ancestor Asriel. The Shechemites, named after their ancestor Shechem.32 The Shemidaites, named after their ancestor Shemida. The Hepherites, named after their ancestor Hepher.33 (One of Hepher's descendants, Zelophehad, had no sons, but his daughters' names were Mahlah, Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.)34 These were the clans of Manasseh. Their registered troops numbered 52,700. [The Tribe of Ephraim] 35 These were the clans descended from the sons of Ephraim: The Shuthelahite clan, named after their ancestor Shuthelah. The Bekerite clan, named after their ancestor Beker. The Tahanite clan, named after their ancestor Tahan.36 This was the subclan descended from the Shuthelahites: The Eranites, named after their ancestor Eran.37 These were the clans of Ephraim. Their registered troops numbered 32,500. These clans of Manasseh and Ephraim were all descendants of Joseph. [The Tribe of Benjamin] 38 These were the clans descended from the sons of Benjamin: The Belaite clan, named after their ancestor Bela. The Ashbelite clan, named after their ancestor Ashbel. The Ahiramite clan, named after their ancestor Ahiram.39 The Shuphamite clan, named after their ancestor Shupham.*The Huphamite clan, named after their ancestor Hupham.40 These were the subclans descended from the Belaites: The Ardites, named after their ancestor Ard.*The Naamites, named after their ancestor Naaman.41 These were the clans of Benjamin. Their registered troops numbered 45,600. [The Tribe of Dan] 42 These were the clans descended from the sons of Dan: The Shuhamite clan, named after their ancestor Shuham.43 These were the Shuhamite clans of Dan. Their registered troops numbered 64,400. [The Tribe of Asher] 44 These were the clans descended from the sons of Asher: The Imnite clan, named after their ancestor Imnah. The Ishvite clan, named after their ancestor Ishvi. The Beriite clan, named after their ancestor Beriah.45 These were the subclans descended from the Beriites: The Heberites, named after their ancestor Heber. The Malkielites, named after their ancestor Malkiel.46 Asher also had a daughter named Serah.47 These were the clans of Asher. Their registered troops numbered 53,400. [The Tribe of Naphtali] 48 These were the clans descended from the sons of Naphtali: The Jahzeelite clan, named after their ancestor Jahzeel. The Gunite clan, named after their ancestor Guni.49 The Jezerite clan, named after their ancestor Jezer. The Shillemite clan, named after their ancestor Shillem.50 These were the clans of Naphtali. Their registered troops numbered 45,400. [Results of the Registration] 51 In summary, the registered troops of all Israel numbered 601,730.52 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 53 "Divide the land among the tribes, and distribute the grants of land in proportion to the tribes' populations, as indicated by the number of names on the list. 54 Give the larger tribes more land and the smaller tribes less land, each group receiving a grant in proportion to the size of its population. 55 But you must assign the land by lot, and give land to each ancestral tribe according to the number of names on the list. 56 Each grant of land must be assigned by lot among the larger and smaller tribal groups." [The Tribe of Levi] 57 This is the record of the Levites who were counted according to their clans: The Gershonite clan, named after their ancestor Gershon. The Kohathite clan, named after their ancestor Kohath. The Merarite clan, named after their ancestor Merari.58 The Libnites, the Hebronites, the Mahlites, the Mushites, and the Korahites were all subclans of the Levites. Now Kohath was the ancestor of Amram, 59 and Amram's wife was named Jochebed. She also was a descendant of Levi, born among the Levites in the land of Egypt. Amram and Jochebed became the parents of Aaron, Moses, and their sister, Miriam. 60 To Aaron were born Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar. 61 But Nadab and Abihu died when they burned before the Lord  the wrong kind of fire, different than he had commanded.62 The men from the Levite clans who were one month old or older numbered 23,000. But the Levites were not included in the registration of the rest of the people of Israel because they were not given an allotment of land when it was divided among the Israelites.63 So these are the results of the registration of the people of Israel as conducted by Moses and Eleazar the priest on the plains of Moab beside the Jordan River, across from Jericho. 64 Not one person on this list had been among those listed in the previous registration taken by Moses and Aaron in the wilderness of Sinai. 65 For the Lord  had said of them, "They will all die in the wilderness." Not one of them survived except Caleb son of Jephunneh and Joshua son of Nun.       Footnotes: 26:1 The initial phrase in verse 26:1 is numbered 25:19 in Hebrew text.   26:5 Hebrew Israel's; see note on 1:20-21b.   26:12 As in Syriac version (see also Gen 46:10; Exod 6:15); Hebrew reads Nemuelite . . . Nemuel.   26:13 As in parallel texts at Gen 46:10 and Exod 6:15; Hebrew reads Zerahite . . . Zerah.   26:17 As in Samaritan Pentateuch and Greek and Syriac versions (see also Gen 46:16); Hebrew reads Arod.   26:23 As in Samaritan Pentateuch, Greek and Syriac versions, and Latin Vulgate (see also 1 Chr 7:1); Hebrew reads The Punite clan, named after its ancestor Puvah. 24  26:39 As in some Hebrew manuscripts, Samaritan Pentateuch, Greek and Syriac versions, and Latin Vulgate; most Hebrew manuscripts read Shephupham.   26:40 As in Samaritan Pentateuch, some Greek manuscripts, and Latin Vulgate; Hebrew lacks named after their ancestor Ard.  
