1"Take care! Don't do your good deeds publicly, to be admired, because then you will lose the reward from your Father in heaven.  2When you give a gift to someone in need, don't shout about it as the hypocrites do--blowing trumpets in the synagogues and streets to call attention to their acts of charity! I assure you, they have received all the reward they will ever get.  3But when you give to someone, don't tell your left hand what your right hand is doing.  4Give your gifts in secret, and your Father, who knows all secrets, will reward you.5"And now about prayer. When you pray, don't be like the hypocrites who love to pray publicly on street corners and in the synagogues where everyone can see them. I assure you, that is all the reward they will ever get.  6But when you pray, go away by yourself, shut the door behind you, and pray to your Father secretly. Then your Father, who knows all secrets, will reward you.7"When you pray, don't babble on and on as people of other religions do. They think their prayers are answered only by repeating their words again and again.  8Don't be like them, because your Father knows exactly what you need even before you ask him!  9Pray like this: Our Father in heaven, may your name be honored.10 May your Kingdom come soon. May your will be done here on earth, just as it is in heaven.11 Give us our food for today,[a]12 and forgive us our sins, just as we have forgiven those who have sinned against us.13 And don't let us yield to temptation, but deliver us from the evil one.[b]14"If you forgive those who sin against you, your heavenly Father will forgive you.  15But if you refuse to forgive others, your Father will not forgive your sins.16"And when you fast, don't make it obvious, as the hypocrites do, who try to look pale and disheveled so people will admire them for their fasting. I assure you, that is the only reward they will ever get.  17But when you fast, comb your hair and wash your face.  18Then no one will suspect you are fasting, except your Father, who knows what you do in secret. And your Father, who knows all secrets, will reward you.19"Don't store up treasures here on earth, where they can be eaten by moths and get rusty, and where thieves break in and steal.  20Store your treasures in heaven, where they will never become moth-eaten or rusty and where they will be safe from thieves.  21Wherever your treasure is, there your heart and thoughts will also be.22"Your eye is a lamp for your body. A pure eye lets sunshine into your soul.  23But an evil eye shuts out the light and plunges you into darkness. If the light you think you have is really darkness, how deep that darkness will be!24"No one can serve two masters. For you will hate one and love the other, or be devoted to one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.25"So I tell you, don't worry about everyday life--whether you have enough food, drink, and clothes. Doesn't life consist of more than food and clothing?  26Look at the birds. They don't need to plant or harvest or put food in barns because your heavenly Father feeds them. And you are far more valuable to him than they are.  27Can all your worries add a single moment to your life? Of course not.28"And why worry about your clothes? Look at the lilies and how they grow. They don't work or make their clothing,  29yet Solomon in all his glory was not dressed as beautifully as they are.  30And if God cares so wonderfully for flowers that are here today and gone tomorrow, won't he more surely care for you? You have so little faith!31"So don't worry about having enough food or drink or clothing.  32Why be like the pagans who are so deeply concerned about these things? Your heavenly Father already knows all your needs,  33and he will give you all you need from day to day if you live for him and make the Kingdom of God your primary concern.34"So don't worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring its own worries. Today's trouble is enough for today.