1As Jesus was leaving the Temple grounds, his disciples pointed out to him the various Temple buildings.  2But he told them, "Do you see all these buildings? I assure you, they will be so completely demolished that not one stone will be left on top of another!"3Later, Jesus sat on the slopes of the Mount of Olives. His disciples came to him privately and asked, "When will all this take place? And will there be any sign ahead of time to signal your return and the end of the world[a]?"4Jesus told them, "Don't let anyone mislead you.  5For many will come in my name, saying, `I am the Messiah.' They will lead many astray.  6And wars will break out near and far, but don't panic. Yes, these things must come, but the end won't follow immediately.  7The nations and kingdoms will proclaim war against each other, and there will be famines and earthquakes in many parts of the world.  8But all this will be only the beginning of the horrors to come.9"Then you will be arrested, persecuted, and killed. You will be hated all over the world because of your allegiance to me.  10And many will turn away from me and betray and hate each other.  11And many false prophets will appear and will lead many people astray.  12Sin will be rampant everywhere, and the love of many will grow cold.  13But those who endure to the end will be saved.  14And the Good News about the Kingdom will be preached throughout the whole world, so that all nations will hear it; and then, finally, the end will come.15"The time will come when you will see what Daniel the prophet spoke about: the sacrilegious object that causes desecration[b] standing in the Holy Place"--reader, pay attention!  16"Then those in Judea must flee to the hills.  17A person outside the house[c] must not go inside to pack.  18A person in the field must not return even to get a coat.  19How terrible it will be for pregnant women and for mothers nursing their babies in those days.  20And pray that your flight will not be in winter or on the Sabbath.  21For that will be a time of greater horror than anything the world has ever seen or will ever see again.  22In fact, unless that time of calamity is shortened, the entire human race will be destroyed. But it will be shortened for the sake of God's chosen ones.23"Then if anyone tells you, `Look, here is the Messiah,' or `There he is,' don't pay any attention.  24For false messiahs and false prophets will rise up and perform great miraculous signs and wonders so as to deceive, if possible, even God's chosen ones.  25See, I have warned you.26"So if someone tells you, `Look, the Messiah is out in the desert,' don't bother to go and look. Or, `Look, he is hiding here,' don't believe it!  27For as the lightning lights up the entire sky, so it will be when the Son of Man comes.  28Just as the gathering of vultures shows there is a carcass nearby, so these signs indicate that the end is near.[d]29"Immediately after those horrible days end, the sun will be darkened, the moon will not give light, the stars will fall from the sky, and the powers of heaven will be shaken.[e]30And then at last, the sign of the coming of the Son of Man will appear in the heavens, and there will be deep mourning among all the nations of the earth. And they will see the Son of Man arrive on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory.[f]  31And he will send forth his angels with the sound of a mighty trumpet blast, and they will gather together his chosen ones from the farthest ends of the earth and heaven.32"Now learn a lesson from the fig tree. When its buds become tender and its leaves begin to sprout, you know without being told that summer is near.  33Just so, when you see the events I've described beginning to happen, you can know his return is very near, right at the door.  34I assure you, this generation[g] will not pass from the scene before all these things take place.  35Heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will remain forever.36"However, no one knows the day or the hour when these things will happen, not even the angels in heaven or the Son himself.[h] Only the Father knows.37"When the Son of Man returns, it will be like it was in Noah's day.  38In those days before the Flood, the people were enjoying banquets and parties and weddings right up to the time Noah entered his boat. 39People didn't realize what was going to happen until the Flood came and swept them all away. That is the way it will be when the Son of Man comes.40"Two men will be working together in the field; one will be taken, the other left.  41Two women will be grinding flour at the mill; one will be taken, the other left.  42So be prepared, because you don't know what day your Lord is coming.43"Know this: A homeowner who knew exactly when a burglar was coming would stay alert and not permit the house to be broken into.  44You also must be ready all the time. For the Son of Man will come when least expected.45"Who is a faithful, sensible servant, to whom the master can give the responsibility of managing his household and feeding his family?  46If the master returns and finds that the servant has done a good job, there will be a reward.  47I assure you, the master will put that servant in charge of all he owns.  48But if the servant is evil and thinks, `My master won't be back for a while,'  49and begins oppressing the other servants, partying, and getting drunk--  50well, the master will return unannounced and unexpected.  51He will tear the servant apart and banish him with the hypocrites. In that place there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.