1 Give the king Your judgments, O God, And Your righteousness to the king's Son.2 He will judge Your people with righteousness, And Your poor with justice.3 The mountains will bring peace to the people, And the little hills, by righteousness.4 He will bring justice to the poor of the people; He will save the children of the needy, And will break in pieces the oppressor.5 They shall fear You As long as the sun and moon endure, Throughout all generations.6 He shall come down like rain upon the grass before mowing, Like showers that water the earth.7 In His days the righteous shall flourish, And abundance of peace, Until the moon is no more.8 He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, And from the River to the ends of the earth.9 Those who dwell in the wilderness will bow before Him, And His enemies will lick the dust.10 The kings of Tarshish and of the isles Will bring presents; The kings of Sheba and Seba Will offer gifts.11 Yes, all kings shall fall down before Him; All nations shall serve Him.12 For He will deliver the needy when he cries, The poor also, and him who has no helper.13 He will spare the poor and needy, And will save the souls of the needy.14 He will redeem their life from oppression and violence; And precious shall be their blood in His sight.15 And He shall live; And the gold of Sheba will be given to Him; Prayer also will be made for Him continually, And daily He shall be praised.16 There will be an abundance of grain in the earth, On the top of the mountains; Its fruit shall wave like Lebanon; And those of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.17 His name shall endure forever; His name shall continue as long as the sun. And men shall be blessed in Him; All nations shall call Him blessed.18 Blessed be the Lord God, the God of Israel, Who only does wondrous things!19 And blessed be His glorious name forever! And let the whole earth be filled with His glory. Amen and Amen.20 The prayers of David the son of Jesse are ended.
