1So Solomon was king over all Israel,  2and these were his high officials: Azariah son of Zadok was the priest.3 Elihoreph and Ahijah, the sons of Shisha, were court secretaries. Jehoshaphat son of Ahilud was the royal historian.4 Benaiah son of Jehoiada was commander of the army. Zadok and Abiathar were the priests.5 Azariah son of Nathan presided over the district governors. Zabud son of Nathan, a priest, was a trusted adviser to the king.6 Ahishar was manager of palace affairs. Adoniram son of Abda was in charge of the labor force.7Solomon also had twelve district governors who were over all Israel. They were responsible for providing food from the people for the king's household. Each of them arranged provisions for one month of the year.8These are the names of the twelve governors: Ben-hur, in the hill country of Ephraim.9 Ben-deker, in Makaz, Shaalbim, Beth-shemesh, and Elon-bethhanan.10 Ben-hesed, in Arubboth, including Socoh and all the land of Hepher.11 Ben-abinadab, in Naphoth-dor.[a] (He was married to Taphath, one of Solomon's daughters.)12 Baana son of Ahilud, in Taanach and Megiddo, all of Beth-shan[b] near Zarethan below Jezreel, and all the territory from Beth-shan to Abel-meholah and over to Jokmeam.13 Ben-geber, in Ramoth-gilead, including the Towns of Jair (named for Jair son of Manasseh) in Gilead, and in the Argob region of Bashan, including sixty great fortified cities with gates barred with bronze.14 Ahinadab son of Iddo, in Mahanaim.15 Ahimaaz, in Naphtali. (He was married to Basemath, another of Solomon's daughters.)16 Baana son of Hushai, in Asher and in Aloth.17 Jehoshaphat son of Paruah, in Issachar.18 Shimei son of Ela, in Benjamin.19 Geber son of Uri, in the land of Gilead,[c] including the territories of King Sihon of the Amorites and King Og of Bashan. And there was one governor over the land of Judah.[d]20The people of Judah and Israel were as numerous as the sand on the seashore. They were very contented, with plenty to eat and drink.  21King Solomon ruled all the kingdoms from the Euphrates River[e] to the land of the Philistines, as far south as the border of Egypt. The conquered peoples of those lands sent tribute money to Solomon and continued to serve him throughout his lifetime.22The daily food requirements for Solomon's palace were 150 bushels of choice flour and 300 bushels of meal,[f]  23ten oxen from the fattening pens, twenty pasture-fed cattle, one hundred sheep or goats, as well as deer, gazelles, roebucks, and choice fowl.24Solomon's dominion extended over all the kingdoms west of the Euphrates River, from Tiphsah to Gaza. And there was peace throughout the entire land.  25Throughout the lifetime of Solomon, all of Judah and Israel lived in peace and safety. And from Dan to Beersheba, each family had its own home and garden.26Solomon had four thousand[g] stalls for his chariot horses and twelve thousand horses.[h]  27The district governors faithfully provided food for King Solomon and his court, each during his assigned month.  28They also brought the necessary barley and straw for the royal horses in the stables.29God gave Solomon great wisdom and understanding, and knowledge too vast to be measured.  30In fact, his wisdom exceeded that of all the wise men of the East and the wise men of Egypt.  31He was wiser than anyone else, including Ethan the Ezrahite and Heman, Calcol, and Darda--the sons of Mahol. His fame spread throughout all the surrounding nations.  32He composed some 3,000 proverbs and wrote 1,005 songs.  33He could speak with authority about all kinds of plants, from the great cedar of Lebanon to the tiny hyssop that grows from cracks in a wall. He could also speak about animals, birds, reptiles, and fish.  34And kings from every nation sent their ambassadors to listen to the wisdom of Solomon.