1It was in midspring,[a] during the fourth year of Solomon's reign, that he began the construction of the Temple of the LORD. This was 480 years after the people of Israel were delivered from their slavery in the land of Egypt.2The Temple that King Solomon built for the LORD was 90 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 45 feet high.[b] 3The foyer at the front of the Temple was 30 feet wide, running across the entire width of the Temple. It projected outward 15 feet from the front of the Temple.  4Solomon also made narrow, recessed windows throughout the Temple.5A complex of rooms was built against the outer walls of the Temple, all the way around the sides and rear of the building.  6The complex was three stories high, the bottom floor being 7 1/2 feet wide, the second floor 9 feet wide, and the top floor 10 1/2 feet wide. The rooms were connected to the walls of the Temple by beams resting on ledges built out from the wall. So the beams were not inserted into the walls themselves.7The stones used in the construction of the Temple were prefinished at the quarry, so the entire structure was built without the sound of hammer, ax, or any other iron tool at the building site.8The entrance to the bottom floor[c] was on the south side of the Temple. There were winding stairs going up to the second floor, and another flight of stairs between the second and third floors.  9After completing the Temple structure, Solomon put in a ceiling made of beams and planks of cedar.  10As already stated, there was a complex of rooms on three sides of the building, attached to the Temple walls by cedar timbers. Each story of the complex was 7 1/2 feet high.11Then the LORD gave this message to Solomon:  12"Concerning this Temple you are building, if you keep all my laws and regulations and obey all my commands, I will fulfill through you the promise I made to your father, David.  13I will live among the people of Israel and never forsake my people."14So Solomon finished building the Temple.  15The entire inside, from floor to ceiling, was paneled with wood. He paneled the walls and ceilings with cedar, and he used cypress for the floors.  16He partitioned off an inner sanctuary--the Most Holy Place--at the far end of the Temple. It was 30 feet deep and was paneled with cedar from floor to ceiling.  17The main room of the Temple, outside the Most Holy Place, was 60 feet long. 18Cedar paneling completely covered the stone walls throughout the Temple, and the paneling was decorated with carvings of gourds and open flowers.19Solomon prepared the inner sanctuary in the rear of the Temple, where the Ark of the LORD's covenant would be placed.  20This inner sanctuary was 30 feet long, 30 feet wide, and 30 feet high. Solomon overlaid its walls and ceiling with pure gold. He also overlaid the altar made of cedar.[d]  21Then he overlaid the rest of the Temple's interior with pure gold, and he made gold chains to protect the entrance to the Most Holy Place. 22So he finished overlaying the entire Temple with gold, including the altar that belonged to the Most Holy Place.23Within the inner sanctuary Solomon placed two cherubim made of olive wood, each 15 feet tall.  24The wingspan of each of the cherubim was 15 feet, each wing being 7 1/2 feet long.  25The two cherubim were identical in shape and size;  26each was 15 feet tall.  27Solomon placed them side by side in the inner sanctuary of the Temple. Their outspread wings reached from wall to wall, while their inner wings touched at the center of the room.  28He overlaid the two cherubim with gold.29All the walls of the inner sanctuary and the main room were decorated with carvings of cherubim, palm trees, and open flowers.  30The floor in both rooms was overlaid with gold.31For the entrance to the inner sanctuary, Solomon made double doors of olive wood with five-sided doorposts.  32These doors were decorated with carvings of cherubim, palm trees, and open flowers, and the doors were overlaid with gold.33Then he made four-sided doorposts of olive wood for the entrance to the Temple.  34There were two folding doors of cypress wood, and each door was hinged to fold back upon itself.  35These doors were decorated with carvings of cherubim, palm trees, and open flowers, and the doors were overlaid with gold.36The walls of the inner courtyard were built so that there was one layer of cedar beams after every three layers of hewn stone.37The foundation of the LORD's Temple was laid in midspring[e] of the fourth year of Solomon's reign. 38The entire building was completed in every detail by midautumn[f] of the eleventh year of his reign. So it took seven years to build the Temple.