Article 1
The Regulations are promulgated pursuant to Paragraph 4 of Article 22 of Cable Radio and Television Act. Article 2
Cable Radio and Television Terminal Equipment Certification Bodies (hereinafter referred to as Certification Bodies) refer to institutions commissioned by the central competent authority to conduct compliance approval of cable radio and television terminal equipment (hereinafter terminal equipment).Certification items for above-mentioned terminal equipment shall refer to those announced by the central competent authority. Article 3
An applicant to become qualified as a certification body (hereinafter the Applicant) shall be:1. Domestic legal entity or institution established in accordance with laws.2. Does not engage in the import, design, production or trading of certification items related to terminal equipment described in the preceding Paragraph or in the cable radio and television terminal equipment services.3. Testing laboratory accredited by domestic laboratory accreditation bodies (hereinafter referred to the Laboratory Accreditation Bodies) recognized by the central competent authority.4. One or more than one full-time professional certification personnel shall be established in each item of terminal testing equipment activity as prescribed in the preceding Paragraph.The certification personnel as described in the preceding Paragraph (Paragraph 4) shall possess a college-above degree in telecommunications engineering, electronics engineering, electrical engineering or other related engineering fields from a domestic or foreign public or private college or university recognized by the Ministry of Education, have the professional telecommunications and broadcasting knowledge and ability, and understand relevant government regulations and certification requirements. The said personnel shall not concurrently engage in certification works of testing laboratory as prescribed in Paragraph 1 of Article 9 of Compliance Approval Regulations of Cable Radio and Television Terminal Equipment. Article 4
The Applicant shall apply to the central competent authority by submitting the following documents (please refer to Appendix I for the application procedures):1. Application for Terminal Equipment Certification Bodies (as attached Table).2. Photocopy of certification document as prescribed in Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article.3. Photocopy of accreditation certificate of the Applicant ’ s laboratory as prescribed in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article.4. Basic information of certification personnel of the Applicant ’ s certification department that shows the personnel ’ s qualifications as prescribed in Paragraph 2 of the preceding Article.5. Organizational chart and function introduction of the Applicant’s certification department.6. Quality manual of the Applicant’s certification department.7. A summary of quality documents of the Applicant’s certification department.8. Compliance approval procedures of terminal equipment of the certification item.9. Other documents requested by the central competent authority or related to the Applicant’s qualifications.Where the Applicant fails to provide all of above-mentioned documents or the content of provided document is incomplete, corrections shall be made within the period prescribed by the central competent authority. If the submitted documents remain incomplete or insufficient, the application will be rejected.The period as described in the preceding Paragraph shall not be longer than one month. Attached TableApplication for Cable Radio and Television Terminal Equipment Certification Bodies.pdfAppendix IApplication for Cable Radio and Television Terminal Equipment Certification Body.pdf 
