Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are stipulated based on Paragraph 3, Article 46 of the Telecommunications Act.Article 2　 The wireless broadcasting stations for school training referred to hereunder are the stations set up by television broadcasting, news, mass broadcasting, broadcasting technology or other related departments of higher education facilities for educational and practical training purposes (hereinafter referred to as the “stations”).Article 3　 The competent authority for these Rules shall be the National Communications Commission.Article 4　 Establishment of the station should abide by the following provision:1. No business purposes allowed.2. Not for usage other than the installing purpose.Chapter 2 Application, Permit and LicensesArticle 5　 Stations are classified according to bogus antenna and installed-on-site antenna.When applying for installed-on-site stations, the school should apply for written consent from the administrative authority of education, and apply to the authority for establishment permit and frequency allocation with the above-mentioned written consent.Article 6　 After receipt of establishment permit and frequency allocation, applicant should prepare the following documents and apply to the authority for a Station Establishment Permit issued by the authority:1. Copy of approval letter issued by the authority.2. Application Form for Station Establishment Permit .3. Station facility specification stating clearly the equipment origin factory, model, catalogue together with the system diagram such as: wireless facilities should have clear statements of electric power, station frequency, transmission method, and include information such as the antenna gain, coordinate, antenna field pattern, etc.4. Curriculum Vitae of engineering supervisor .5. When the antenna pylon is built upon rooftop of a building, an original copy of building structure safety evidence examined and issued by construction or structure engineer.The examination period for the above mentioned application is three months.Article 7　 Height of the antenna pylon installed should not violate the aviation safety standards and should abide by the regulation of prohibited construction nearby airports, aviation aid facilities.Antenna Pylon should be equipped with signs and obstacle signal lights conforming to the regulations of aviation obstacle signs and signal lights facilities.Article 8　 The Station Establishment Permit is valid for one year. When necessary the applicant may apply for an extension period of no more than 6 months to the authority 30 days before the expiration date stating clearly the reason for extension and submit the original establishment permit with the application.Station Establishment Permit should have records on the following information:1. Name of station2. Location of installation3. Transmitter brand, model, quantity and quantity of electric power amplifier4. Range of station frequency5. Bandwidth frequency of station6. Electric power7. Station call signArticle 9　 Applicants using bogus antennas after obtaining the Station Establishment Permit, installing the facilities and qualified the examination of the authority can apply for a Station License issued by the authority. Applicants using antenna facilities should self-test the inner system processing of the station, electric wave coverage and interference appraisal. Applicant should apply for an examination of qualification to the authority after testing. Qualifiers of the examinations holding the Station Establishment Permit may apply for a Station License issued by the authority.The processing period for the above mentioned application is three months.When carrying out test on the first item, tester can only transmit test sound, estimate measure of radiation to test strength of electric field, appraise electric wave coverage range and jamming conditions.Station should not interfere with other stations’ broadcasting when carrying out tests.Stations applying for inspection should submit the following documents:1. Transmitter’s original proof of factory production. Imported models should include Import Certificate (proof documents should at least include brand name, model, serial number, date of production)2. Self-tested record of Transmitter.3. Map of electric wave coverage4. Antenna pylons abiding by Construction regulations should apply for sundries license. A copy of the sundries of license.Article 10 　 Station License is valid for three years. When expires, applicants may self-test and submit a self-tested record of transmitter together with application to the authority for a new license issued by the authority 30 days before the expiry date.Station License should specify the following information:1. Name of Station2. Name of School3. Person in Charge of the School4. Person in Charge of the Station5. Engineering Supervisor6. Approved Electric Power7. Frequency of Station8. Bandwidth of Station9. Station Call Sign10. Location of installation11. Brand name, model, serial number of main and sub transmitter, electric power and quantity of power amplifiers.12. Location of StudioStation transmitter should have license for each separate facility but main and sub transmitters can be recorded on one license.Article 11 　 The station relocating or changing frequency, electric power, or transmitters should apply for a establishment permit from the authority and can only be put to use after qualifying the inspection and obtaining a station license.When applying for the establishment permit mentioned above should submit document stated in Paragraph 1 of Article 6 and follow the process stated in. As to simple replacement of worn out facilities or change of frequency and electric power, documents mention in No.4 and 5 of Paragraph 1 of Article 6 can be exempted.Application for examination as mentioned in Paragraph 1 should submit documents stated in Paragraph 5, Article 9. As to simple replacement of facilities or change of frequency and electric power, documents mention in No.3 and No.4 of Paragraph 5 of Article 9 can be exempted.Article 12 　 When Station Establishment Permit or Station License are lost or ineligible for use due to severe damage, an announcement should be immediately put up on newspapers proclaiming invalidity and report to the authority to re-issue a new permit or license.Article 13 　 When information recorded on the Station Establishment Permit or the Station license has been altered, a report should be made to the authority to re-issue a new permit or license.Article 14 　 Re-issued Station Establishment Permits and Station Licenses based on the two Articles mentioned above have the same validity and expiration period as the original permits and licenses.Article 15 　 The Station Establishment License and Station License is non-transferable nor can be rented or given to a third party.Chapter 3 Management of Engineering PersonnelArticle 16 　 The over-all engineering technology and facility maintenance is to be carried out by one engineering supervisor appointed by the station, and assisting technicians can be appointed as needed to support for station equipment.Article 17 　 A station engineering supervisor should possess one of the following qualifications:1. Qualifiers of common or its equal examinations on subjects such as electric machinery, electronics, information, telecommunications, electric power, control or related fields who worked for administrative, military organizations, public or private enterprises in positions related to electric machinery, electronics, information, telecommunications, electric power, control or television broadcasting technical positions for over four years. Or qualifiers of higher or its equal examinations on subjects such as electric machinery, electronics, information, communications, telecommunications, electric power, control or related fields who has practical work experience on the relevant field for more than two years.2. Graduate of public or registered colleges and higher educational institutions or graduates of foreign colleges and higher educational institutions recognized by the Department of Education in electric machinery, electronics, information, communications, telecommunications, electric power, control engineering or engineering or related majors who has worked for administrative, military organizations, schools or public, private enterprises in electric machinery, electronics, information, communications, telecommunications, electric power, control or television broadcasting technical or research positions for over three years.3. Graduate of public or registered senior industrial vocational school or graduates of foreign senior industrial vocational school recognized by the Department of Education in electric machinery, electronics, information, communications, telecommunications, electric power, control engineering or engineering related majors who has worked in administrative, military organizations or public, private enterprises on electric machinery, electronics, information, communications, telecommunications, electric power, control or television broadcasting technical positions for over six years.4. Holders for second or above level of technician certificate visual and aural electronics or instrument electronics who has worked in broadcasting or television related technical position for over two years; or holders of third or above level technician certificate visual and aural electronics or instrument electronics who has worked in broadcasting or television related technical position for over four years.5. Person who studied 8 credits or 144 hours of broadcasting or television engineering technology related courses in public or private educational or joint venture colleges and worked in broadcasting or television technology related positions for over four years; or persons who qualified from at least three months of training courses of broadcasting or television engineering technology conducted by training organizations recognized and registered by administrative authorities for vocational training and worked in broadcasting or television technology related positions for over four years.6. Persons who worked as full-time engineer in broadcasting stations for over three years or full-time engineer in television stations for over two years.Annual salaries in all items mentioned above are to be calculated in combination.Article 18 　 A station applying for Station Establishment Permit should submit the curriculum vitae of the engineering supervisor stating clearly the position taken and work location to the authority for reference and the same shall be applied when alterations occur.Chapter 4 Engineering and ManagementArticle 19 　 A station should prepare a engineering diary to record the following items to be signed or sealed by the engineering supervisor after inspection:1. Name and work time of personnel on duty2. Operating and shut down time of transmitter and commence and terminate time of program3. Machinery maintenance situation4. Breakdown or dead air and repair or replay time5. City electric power black-out and restoration time6. Other engineering technology related itemsThe previous engineering diary should be reserved for one year. Format of the engineering diary may be decided by respective station.Article 20 　 When the authority sends its agents with proper documents requesting to inspect the station facilities, the station should not refuse.Chapter 5 Frequency, Call Sign, Electric Power and other radio regulationArticle 21 　 The frequency, electric power, transmission method and call sign of the station are under the overall regulation by the authority. No usage or alteration should be made without permission.When the authority requests for adjustment of frequency used or update of facilities to meet the need of overall telecommunication and information industry development, the schools shall not refuse such requests nor claim for any compensation.Article 22 　 Electric waves coverage area of the FM station using antenna facility should not cover over three kilometers outside the school campus where the facility is located; the electric field strength outside the area should not be over 500 uv per meter (uV/m) or 54 dBuV per meter (dBuV/m).The radiated power and radio coverage of the campus experimental AM stations established before 1994 shall be restricted to the authorized provisions and the stations shall not interfere with the other AM stations.When the station frequency of the station in a school facility becomes insufficient or interferes with other existing stations, the authority may lower the approved electric power allocated to the station and narrow its electric wave coverage area.Article 23 　 The main facilities and antenna of the station, except the spare transmitter, should conform to the technology standard for wireless broadcasting television station engineering equipment set by the authority.Article 24 　 The tolerance on the station frequency and spurious emission tolerance should abide by the related telecommunications regulations.Article 25 　 Installation of the station transmitter should avoid from affecting the functions of other existing telecommunications facility functions and avoid from obstructing or interfering legal telecommunication.Article 26 　 When the station terminates its broadcasting, aside from reporting to the administrative authority of education, its station license should be submitted back to the authority and its right of frequency usage shall also be abolished. Except transferring to other parties, its transmitter should be reported to the authority for retention, supervision, re-sale or destroy conducted by the authority personnel. The transfer of transmitter mentioned above should be reported to the authority for prior permission.Chapter 6 Supplementary ArticlesArticle 27 　 Violation of these Regulations shall be penalized according to the Telecommunication Act.Article 28 　 When applying for station establishment, payments should be made for examination fees, inspection fees, license fees, radio frequency usage fees; those who conforms to the government policy and change frequency, electric power, facility location or transmitters may be exempted from the examination fees, inspection fees and license fees.Article 28-1　 Content, format and related applying procedures of the forms and licenses in this regulation should be made and announced by the authority unless regulated separately in this regulation.Article 29 　 These Regulations are effective on the day of its promulgation.
