Chapter I. General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 3, Article 46 , Paragraph 3, Article 47 and Article 51 of the Telecommunications Act.Article 2　 The administration of amateur radio shall be prescribed in accordance with these Regulations. Matters not provided herein shall be subject to the provisions of other applicable regulations.The competent authority for these regulations is the National Communications Commission.Article 3 　 For the purpose of this Regulation, the terms adopted herein are defined as follows:1. Radio Regulations : Those regulations promulgated by the competent authority in reference to the International Radio Regulations of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU).2. Amateur operator : A person interested in radio technique solely with a personal aim and without pecuniary interest and holding a license, approved by the competent authority, to control and operate an amateur station.3. Amateur Radio Association : An amateur radio communication Association established in accordance with Civil Association Act and engaged in amateur radio activities.4. Radiation : Energy radiated outwardly in the form of electromagnetic wave.5. Transmission : Radiation or radiation caused products generated by radio stations.6. Necessary Bandwidth : The width of a frequency band necessary for quality and speedy transmission of information under the conditions of various types of transmission.7. Spurious Emission : Radiation or frequencies outside the necessary bandwidth of a transmission, the level of which may be reduced without affecting the information being transmitted. The emission includes those generated by harmonic transmission, parasitic transmission, inter-modulation and frequency conversion, but excludes those out-of-band transmissions.8. Unnecessary Emission : The spurious emission and out-of-band transmission.9. Assigned Frequency : The amateur radio frequencies as assigned by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications for the usage of various amateur radio stations.10.Frequency Tolerance : The maximum permissible departure by the centre frequency of the frequency band occupied by an emission from the assigned frequency or, by the characteristic frequency of an emission from the reference frequency. It aforementioned always be presented in ppm or Hz.11.Assigned Frequency Bandwidth : The width of the band equals the necessary bandwidth plus twice the absolute value of the frequency tolerance.12.Occupied Bandwidth : The width of a frequency band such that the mean powers emitted are attenuated to at least 26 dB below the total mean power of a given emission. It includes the frequency bandwidth within which the tolerated transmitter frequency shift and Doppler frequency shift occurs.13.Single?Sideband Emission : An amplitude modulated emission with one sideband only.14.Reduced Carrier Single-Sideband Emission : A single-sideband emission in which the degree of carrier suppression enables the carrier to be reconstituted and to be used for demodulation.15.Suppressed Carrier Single-Sideband Emission : A single-sideband emission in which the carrier is virtually suppressed and not intended to be used for demodulation.16.Antenna Structure : The term includes the radio wave radiation system, its supporting structure and the attached products.17.External RF Power Amplifier : A device capable of increasing power output when used in conjunction with, but not an integral part of, a transmitter.18.External RF Power Amplifier Kit : A number of electronic parts, which, when self-assembled pursuant to the user's manual, is an external RF power amplifier, even if additional parts are required to complete assembly.19.Transmitter : Any types of external RF amplifiers or devices which is capable of converting electrical energy to electromagnetic energy.20.Peak Envelope Power : The average power supplied to the antenna transmission line by a transmitter during one radio frequency cycle at the crest of the modulation envelope taken under normal operating conditions.21.Transmission Power : Whenever the power of an amateur radio transmitter is referred to, it shall be measured in units of Watts, in one of the following measurement methods:(1)Output Power : Peak envelope power measured at the output terminals of the transmitter.(2)Effective Radiated Power : The product of the power supplied to the antenna and its gain relative to a half-wave dipole in a given direction.22.Harmful Interference : Interference which endangers the functioning of a radio navigation service or of other safety maintenance services or seriously degrades, obstructs, or repeatedly interrupts a legitimate radio communication service.23.Amateur Radio Services : The amateur radio communication research, the amateur-satellite service, the radio amateur search and rescue service, and other similar radio communication services.24.Amateur-Satellite Service : A radio communication service using stations on Earth satellites for the same purpose as those of the amateur service.25.Broadcasting : Transmissions intended for reception by the general public, either direct or relayed.26.Emergency Communication : Radio communication service established for protecting the safety of human life and preserving property under emergency situations.27.Amateur Radio Search and Rescue Service : Amateur radio communication service established under an amateur radio station for emergency search and rescue operations during a national or local disaster.28.Amateur Radio Station : A station in an amateur radio service consisting of the apparatus necessary for carrying on radio communications.29.Temporary Radio Station : A station in an amateur radio service established with the approval of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, for a short-term period for a specific purpose.30.Auxiliary Station : An amateur station that is transmitting communications point-to-point within a system of cooperating amateur stations.31.Radio Beacon Station : An amateur station transmitting communications for the purposes of observation of propagation and reception or other related experimental activities.32.Repeater Station : An amateur radio station that automatically relays signals from other radio stations.33.Space Station : An amateur radio station located on an object which is more than 50 kilometers above the Earth's surface.34.Earth Station : An amateur radio station located either on the earth's surface or within 50 kilometers of the earth's surface and intended for communication with space stations or with other earth stations by means of one or more other objects in space.35.Remote Control Station : An amateur radio station that is operated by a remote facility through a control network.36.Telemetry Station : An amateur radio station that uses amateur radio to transmit far-distant telemetric signals for observation and experiments.37.Telecommand Station. An amateur radio station that uses radio communication for the transmission of signals to initiate, modify or terminate functions of a space station.38.Control Operator : An amateur operator designated by the licensee of a station to be responsible for the transmissions from that station to assure compliance with the rules concerning the regulation of radio waves.39.Frequency Coordinator : An entity, recognized in a local or regional area by amateur operators whose stations are eligible to be auxiliary or repeater stations, that recommends transmit/receive channels and associated operating and technical parameters for such stations in order to avoid or minimize potential interference.40.Control Point : The location at which the control operator function is performed.41.Local Control : The use of a control operator who directly manipulates the operating adjustments in the station to achieve compliance with the rules concerning the regulation of radio waves.42.Remote Control : The use of a control operator who indirectly manipulates the operating adjustments in the station through a control link to achieve compliance with the rules concerning the regulation of radio waves.43.Automatic Control : The use of devices and procedures for control of a station when it is transmitting so that compliance with the rules concerning the regulation of radio waves is achieved without the control operator being present at a control point.44.Third Party Communications : A message from the control operator of an amateur station to another amateur station control operator on behalf of another person.45.International Morse Code : A telegram ( dot-dash ) code as defined by the International Telegraph and Telephone Consultative Committee. The Code shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Morse Code".46.Emission Types. The International Radio Regulations requires that radio station be identified by three to five alpha-numeric combinations. The first three symbols of the identifier indicates the basic characteristics of transmission and the fourth and fifth symbols indicates the attached characteristics of transmission. To simplify the administration of amateur radio services, the basic characteristics of transmission are classified into the following nine emission types:(1)CW : International Morse code telegraphy emissions having designators with A, C, H or J as the first symbol; 1 as the second symbol; A or B as the third symbol; and emissions J2A and J2B.(2)Data : Telemetry, telecommand and computer communications emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H, J or R as the first symbol; 1 as the second symbol; D as the third symbol; and emission J2D. Only a digital code of a type specifically authorized in this part may be transmitted.(3)Image : Facsimile and television emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H, J or R as the first symbol; 1, 2 or 3 as the second symbol; C or F as the third symbol; and emissions having B as the first symbol; 7, 8 or 9 as the second symbol; W as the third symbol.(4)MCW : Tone-modulated international Morse code telegraphy emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H or R as the first symbol; 2 as the second symbol; A or B as the third symbol.(5)Phone : Speech and other sound emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H, J or R as the first symbol; 1, 2 or 3 as the second symbol; E as the third symbol. Also speech emissions having B as the first symbol; 7, 8 or 9 as the second symbol; E as the third symbol. MCW for the purpose of performing the station identification procedure, or for providing telegraphy practice interspersed with speech. Incidental tones for the purpose of selective calling or alerting or to control the level of a demodulated signal may also be considered phone.(6)Pulse : Emissions having designators with K, L, M, P, Q, V or W as the first symbol; 0, 1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 9 or X as the second symbol; A, B, C, D, E, F, N, W or X as the third symbol.(7)RTTY : Narrow-band direct-printing telegraphy emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H, J or R as the first symbol; 1 as the second symbol; B as the third symbol; and emission J2B. Only a digital code of a type specifically authorized in this part may be transmitted.(8)SS : Spread-spectrum emissions using bandwidth-expansion modulation emissions having designators with A, C, D, F, G, H, J or R as the first symbol; X as the second symbol; X as the third symbol. Only a SS emission of a type specifically authorized in this part may be transmitted.(9)Test : Emissions containing no information having the designators with N as the third symbol. Test does not include pulse emissions with no information or modulation unless pulse emissions are also authorized in the frequency band.47.Amateur Radio Electronic Bulletin : The database bulletin, transmitted via amateur radio, that collects information containing messages directly related to amateur services solely and dedicated for amateur operators’ services.48.Certificate of Qualification : Certificate of successfully passing an examination related to certain amateur radio subject, issued with the authorization from the competent authority. The Certificate shall be valid for one year.49.Question Pool : A pool of examination questions containing at least ten times the number of questions required for a single written examination of each class of amateur operators. Question pool must be promulgated and made available to the public by the competent authority.50.Question Set : A set of questions randomly selected from the question pool and consisting of appropriate ratio of various question types for the written examination of each class of amateur operators.Article 4　 The competent authority shall regulate amateur radio frequency, power, mode of transmission, radio station identification signals and call signs, and other radio wave related matters. Permission from the competent authority must be obtained for operation or alteration of radio wave related matters.Those Regulations related to operators’ qualifying examination, issuance and renewal of license, inspection of radio station, type approval of the amateur radio equipment model and other related administrative execution matters may be conducted by the competent authority.Those Regulations related to amateur radio services may be helped and conducted by national amateur radio association commissioned by the competent authority.Article 5　 A citizen of the Republic of China must pass the qualifying examination held by the competent authority and be granted a license of amateur operator prior to initiating operations.Article 6　 Based on the spirit of mutual respect, all amateur operators shall jointly oversee the activities of amateur radio operation.Chapter II. Operators’ qualifying Examination, and issuance and renewal of licensefor Amateur operatorsArticle 7　 Each amateur operator must be classified into the following classes:1.Class 1 amateur operator;2.Class 2 amateur operator; or3.Class 3 amateur operator.Article 8　 The subjects of qualifying examination and qualifying standards for amateur operators are as follows:1.Class 1 amateur operator:The examination must include 10 questions concerning the amateur radio services of Radio Regulations, 10 questions concerning the amateur radio services of International Radio Regulations, 15 questions concerning electrical sciences, and 15 questions concerning radio science for a total of 50 questions. The minimum passing score is 40 questions answered correctly.2.Class 2 amateur operator:(1)Telegraphy Examination: The telegraphy examination must be sufficient to prove that the examinee has the ability to receive correctly by ear English words in the international Morse code at a respective speed not less than 15 words in 3 minutes. Each word shall be equivalent to five characters (alphabet letters, symbols or numerals).(2)Written Examination: The examination must include 10 questions concerning the amateur radio services of Radio Regulations, 10 questions concerning the amateur radio services of International Radio Regulations, 10 questions concerning electrical sciences, and 10 questions concerning radio science for a total of 40 questions. The minimum passing score is 32 questions answered correctly.3.Class 3 amateur operator:The examination must include 15 questions concerning the amateur radio services of Radio Regulations, 10 questions concerning the amateur radio services of International Radio Regulations, 5 questions concerning electrical sciences, and 5 questions concerning radio science for a total of 35 questions. The minimum passing score is 25 questions answered correctly.After passing the examination related to certain amateur radio subject, the examinee shall be issued certificate of qualification for certain class amateur radio subject by the examination authorities. Such certificates shall be valid for one year.Article 9　 All examination question pool shall be compiled and be submitted to the competent authority for promulgation. The question set shall be composed of the questions randomly selected from the question pool..Article 10 　 Only those who have obtained the Class 2 amateur operator license and have established a radio station for more than one year shall be eligible to participate in the qualifying examination for Class 1 amateur operator license.Article 11 　 Those who have already been granted the certificates of qualification for all subjects in the qualifying examinations for certain class amateur operator shall apply to the competent authority for issuance of new amateur operator license or renewal of amateur operator license by submitting the relevant certificates of qualification while the certificates are still valid; otherwise, the application shall not be accepted.The aforementioned certificates of qualification for all subjects in the qualifying examinations shall include the certificates of qualification for passing the telegraphy examination for certain class amateur operator license and all of the certificates of qualification for passing the written examinations for every class lower than the class indicated on the application.The certificate of qualification for passing a higher class telegraphy examination may be regard as adequate proof of passing the telegraphy examination for all classes lower than the class indicated on the certificate of qualification.A certain class amateur operator license may be regarded as the certificate of qualification for passing the written examinations for all classes lower than the class indicated on the operator license.The amateur operator license shall specify the following:1.Chinese Name, English name, and Birthday.2.License no and Class.3.Issuance date and expiration date.Article 12 　 No one shall hold two or more amateur operator licenses at the same time.Article 13 　 The amateur operator license shall be valid for five years. The applicant shall apply to the competent authority for renewal of the license within one month prior to the expiration date of the license. With the license lost, damaged, or its content changed, the licensee shall apply for replacement, renewal of the license.Chapter III. Establishment of An Amateur stationArticle 14 　 All amateur stations shall be classified into Class 1, Class 2 and Class 3 in accordance with the Amateur Radio technical specification guidelines. An amateur operator may apply to establish an amateur station with a station license equal to or lower than the class indicated on the amateur operator license.Article 15 　 An amateur station shall be established in accordance with the following rules:1.Establishment of a fixed location amateur station, except the stations provided in Article 18, shall be based on the principle of one radio station per person .2.An amateur station with output power higher than 25 Watts shall be established at a fixed location.3.Granting of license for an amateur radio phone station shall be based on the principle of one transceiver per license.4.An amateur operator may first apply for a license to establish an amateur station with only function for receiving amateur messages. After gradully familiar with the ordinary practice of amateur radio communications, such operator may then apply to install additional transmission equipment.Article 16 　 An amateur operator shall follow the procedure provided below when applying for a fixed amateur station license :1.The applicant shall apply to the competent authority by filling out amateur station application form with three counterparts, and submitting a copy of the amateur operator license and the certificate or document copy of the type approval of amateur radio equipment. With qualify reviews, the station will be issued an Establishment Permit.2.The applicant who have completed the establishment of amateur station during the valid period of the establishment permit shall apply for the inspection from the competent authority.3.The establishment permit of preceding subparagraph is valid for six months. If the applicant fails to complete establishment prior to the expiration date of establishment permit, the applicant shall state the reasons by document and apply to the competent authority for extending the establishment period for another six months. Such application shall be made one month prior to the expiration date of establishment permit and limit to once.The amateur station establishment application in the subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph shall specify the following:1.Applicant name, address, phone no, birthday, amateur operator license no, and class2.The purpose to establish such station3.The location of the station4.Transceiver brand and model, transmitting frequencies, power, and certain classThe amateur station license as mentioned in the subparagraph 2 of the paragraph 1 shall specify the following1.The name of the station, call sign, the location of the station;2.Name of owner, the responsible name of owner3.Transceiver brand ,model and serial no, transmitting frequencies, power, and the mode of transmission4.The type of the antenna5.Issuance date and expiration dateArticle 17 　 If applying for the amateur radio phone station license, the amateur operator shall fill out an application form for amateur radio phone station license with two counterparts. The amateur operator shall apply to the competent authority for the issuance of amateur radio phone station license by submitting the amateur radio photo equipment with a certification of type approval and a copy of amateur license. The station shall be issued license only after passing the inspection.The amateur radio phone station license application form in the preceding paragraph shall specify the following:1.Applicant’s name, address, phone no, and amateur operator license no;2.The purpose of such station3.Transceiver brand , model and serial no, transmitting frequencies, power, and type approval no.The amateur radio phone station license in the paragraph 1 specify the following:1.The name of the station, call sign2.The name of the owner3.Transceiver brand ,model and serial no, transmitting frequencies, power4.Issuance date and expiration dateArticle 18 　 Applications for establishment of an amateur station on any of the following special operation shall be made to the competent authority for approval. The applicant shall submit documentation showing approval from the competent authority and apply for an amateur station license in accordance with Article 16. The operator for a temporary radio station may not apply for a station license.1. Temporary station;2. Auxiliary station;3. Radio beacon station;4. Repeater station;5. Earth station;6. Space station;7. Remote control station;8. Telemetry station; and9. Telecommand station.Article 19 　 The amateur station license is valid for five years. Holder of a license shall apply to the competent authority for renewal of the license within one month prior to the expiration date.With the aforementioned license lost, damaged, or its content changed, the holder of the license shall apply to the competent authority for replacement or renewal of the license.Article 20 　 If the location of the amateur station, the amateur radio communication equipment, or antenna equipment is changed or modified, an application for modification of the station license shall be made to the competent authority. The station shall be put into use only after passing the inspection and the license renewed.Article 21 　 The antenna for amateur station shall not violate the aviation safety standards jointly promulgated by the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of National Defense, and the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, and the regulation for building restriction around airport, aviation ground, and the navigation aids related facilities.The antenna shall keep a safe distance from the high-tension wire. If its altitude is more than 60 meters, it shall have a color tag of aviation and the lights to avoid endangering the public safety.Chapter IV. Amateur Station EquipmentArticle 22 　 An amateur station equipment's radio frequency, transmitting power, and mode of transmission shall comply with the provisions of the Amateur radio technical specification guidelines.Article 23 　 The amateur station frequency shall remain stable and avoid spurious emissions. The reference oscillation frequency or the phase-locked frequency used to control the carrier shall be generated from the crystal oscillators in a stable manner.Article 24 　 Sideband resulting from modulation or by keying shall be confined to the frequency band allocated to the amateur station by the competent authority.Article 25 　 Unwanted emissions from an amateur station shall comply with the followings:1. The mean power of unwanted emission from an amateur radio transmitter, transceivers, or external RF power amplifier transmitting on a frequency below 30 MHz shall be at least 40 dB below the mean power of the fundamental emission, and shall not exceed 50 mW. For transmitter of mean power less than 5 W, the mean power of the unwanted emission shall be at least 30dB below the fundamental emission.2. The mean power of any unwanted emission from an amateur radio transmitter, transceivers, or external RF amplifier transmitting on a frequency above 30 MHz shall be at least 60 dB below the mean power of the fundamental emission. For a transmitter having a mean power of 25 W or less, the mean power of any unwanted emission shall not exceed 25 uW, and must be at least 40 dB below the mean power of the fundamental emission.3. If any unwanted emission from a transmitter or such transmitter's power lines causes harmful interference to the reception of another radio station, the amateur operator of the interfering amateur station is required to immediately terminate emission and take steps to improve.Article 26 　 External RF power amplifiers or external RF power amplifier kits（hereinafter referred as to the ‘kits’）shall comply with the followings:1. The gain of external RF power amplifier or kits shall be less than 15 dB. If its designed peak envelope power (hereinafter referred to as the "designed power") is less than 1500 W, the gain of the amplifier shall be reduced.2. Whether or not the input terminals of the external RF power amplifier or kits exhibit attenuation, the output power of the amplifier shall not achieve designed power when driven with less than 50 W input power.3. External RF power amplifiers or kits shall be capable of sustaining operation under the condition of its designed power.When the external RF power amplifier inspected, the amplifier shall be driven with at least 50 W mean RF input power until its output power reaches the designed saturated power.Chapter V. Amateur station serviceArticle 27 　 An amateur station shall be put into use only after obtaining station license.Article 28 　 No operation of external RF power amplifier by an amateur station is permitted unless the station shall apply to the competent authority, and pass the inspection.Article 29 　 The call sign for amateur stations, except the temporary amateur stations which are directly assigned by the competent authority, shall be automatically assigned by the telecommunications regulatory information system when the application is made for establishing amateur station. No person shall be allowed to request the assignment of a special call sign.When having obtained the qualification for a higher class, the amateur operator may apply to the competent authority for changing the call sign for the originally establishing amateur station.If the call sign of aforementioned amateur station has been assigned another one, the previous call sign of amateur station has to be returned and the amateur station shall not use previous call sign again.Article 30 　 The assignment of call signs for an amateur station shall comply with the followings:1. The first symbol of the call sign shall be designated as the English alphabet B2. The second symbol of the call sign shall first be designated as an English alphabet out of M, N, O, P, Q, U, V, W and X.3. The third symbol of the call sign shall be a numeral. A temporary station shall be designated as 0 for the third symbol. The third symbol of a call sign for other amateur stations shall be selected from other numerals corresponding to the geographic region (county or city) of the amateur station's location. The selection shall be as follows:0 : Temporary station.1 : Keelung, I-Lang.2 : Taipei.3 : Tau-Yuan, Hsin-Chu.4 : Miao-Li, Tai-Chung.5 : Chang-Hua, Nan-Tou, Yun-Lin.6 : Chia-I, Tainan.7 : Kaohsiung.8 : Pintung, Tai-Tung, Hua-Lian.9 : Any other areas outside the Taiwan island and Temporary station.4. Immediately after the aforementioned numeral, the call sign shall continue in the form of a set consisting of three or less English alphabets as symbol(s). Depending on the number of symbols in a set, the set shall be divided into the following three groups. Each group shall be further classified in accordance with whether the second symbol of the call sign is designated as X.(1) One symbol set :If the second symbol of the call sign is designated as X, the call sign represents a repeater station. If the second symbol of the call sign is designated as other alphabets, the call sign then represents a special amateur station.(2) Two symbols set : The call sign represents a Class 1 amateur station..(3) Three symbols set:If the second symbol of the call sign is designated as X, the call sign represents a Class 2 amateur station. If the second symbol of the call sign is designated as other alphabets, the call sign then represents a Class 3 amateur station.Article 31 　 Each amateur station shall transmit its assigned call sign on its transmitting channel at the beginning of each communication, at the end of each communication, and at least every 10 minutes or less during communication.Article 32 　 The rules for amateur station's identification and call sign are provided as follows:1. When transmitted by telegraph, the Morse Code shall be used. If the Morse Code is keyed by an automatic device, the speed shall not exceed 20 words per minute.2. When transmitted by voice, the English language or the English phonetic alphabet as provided in the International Radio Regulation shall be used.3. When emitted by data and spread spectrum, the code specified in the amateur radio technical guidelines shall be used.4. When transmitted by image, English shall be used to conspicuously identify the call sign in the transmitted picture..5. When the operator license class held by the control operator is equal to or below that of the operator of the operating station, the call sign of the operating station shall be used. When the operator license class held by the control operator exceeds that of the operator of the operating station, the call sign assigned to the control operator's station shall be added after the call sign of the station where the operator is operating with the back slash mark between the two call signs so as to identify.Article 33 　 The stations an amateur station shall communicate with are provided as the followings:1. Amateur stations of all countries except the countries prohibited by the competent authority.2. An amateur station approved by the competent authority.3. An emergency communication radio station approved by the competent authority. However, the transmission shall be limited to only exchange of emergency messages and of testing messages for drills under non-emergency circumstances.Article 34 　 The amateur station owner is responsible for management of all transmitting and receiving equipment listed on the radio station license. Operation shall be conducted in accordance with the followings:1. Each amateur station owner, each station control operator, and each station frequency coordinator shall cooperate in selecting the appropriate frequency and output power corresponding to the class of the operator and in selecting the modulation method occupying minimal frequency bandwidth so as to make the most effective use of the amateur radio frequencies.2. Each control operator shall give priority to stations providing emergency communications, unless the control operator is conducting the amateur radio communications tests in search and rescue operations network.3. No amateur station shall intentionally or maliciously interfere with or cause interference to any radio communication or signal.4. Base on the experimental purposes, the amateur station may transmit test signals for short period on the frequencies corresponding to the class of control operator.5. If the operator of an amateur station causes interference to the reception of transmissions from other stations, the holder of amateur station license, the control operator, the frequency coordinator and the relevant operators of the other stations causing mutual interference shall jointly take steps to eliminate the interference.Article 35 　 Amateur operators of Class 1 and Class 2 may engage in point to point spread spectrum communication experiment after obtaining the approval from the competent authority. During the experiment, the spread spectrum communication encoder and decoder shall be provided to the competent authority for monitoring purposes.The modulation method of aforementioned spread spectrum communication shall comply with the Amateur Radio Technical Specification Guidelines.Article 36 　 If the operating frequency of an amateur station does not exceed 29 MHz, the occupied frequency bandwidth shall not exceed 10 kHz. When the operating frequency is above 29 MHz, the occupied frequency bandwidth shall not exceed 20 kHz, unless otherwise provided for the Amateur Radio Technical Specification Guidelines.Article 37 　 Deleted.Article 38 　 The police, fire or public health agencies may use frequency band 3.5 MHz, 7 MHz, 14 MHz, 21 MHz, 145 MHz and 430 MHz to establish a communication network among the emergency search and rescue radio stations, and the amateur stations. The communication network shall be regularly tested for drill, but during a major event of disaster, such public agencies may conduct and provide search and rescue service in coordination with amateur station's assistance.The frequencies 145.00 MHz and 431.00 MHz are for distress calling and for emergency search and rescue. Any radio station, after making such distress calling, shall change its frequency to other frequency channel and shall not stay and occupy, or cause interference to these distress frequencies. Amateur operators shall regularly listen on these frequencies so as to provide assistance in an emergency calling or rescue request.Article 39 　 The competent authority may, at any time, dispatch personel to check an amateur station's operation and equipments.Chapter VI. Control of Amateur StationArticle 40 　 Each amateur station shall have at least one control point. The control operator shall be at one of the control points when a station is being controlled. When a station is being automatically controlled, the control operator may not be at the control point to operate the station.Article 41 　 An amateur station may be either locally controlled or remotely controlled.Article 42 　 A Radio station automatically controlled shall only transmit RTTY or data communication at a frequency above 50 MHz. After notified that the operation of the station violates the Regulations or the station is causing interferences to other stations by the competent authority, the station shall immediately cease transmitting. The station shall not resumed transmitting without the approval of the competent authority.If desiring to transmit radio teletype or data communication at a frequency below 50 MHz, an automatically controlled station shall apply to the competent authority for a prior approval.Chapter VII. The management of amateur operatorArticle 43 　 The modulation method of data, image, and radio teletype transmissions operated by a amateur operator shall be subject to the provisions in Amateur radio technical specification guidelines. If necessary, the data communication encoder and decoder shall be provided to the competent authority for monitoring purposes.Article 44 　 Deleted.Article 45 　 The amateur operators shall maintain a record of station operations containing items such as the year, month, day, commencement and termination time of the operation, the signal quality of both parties, the output power, the operation method, the call sign of the other station, the name of the operator, and other messages. The operator shall sign his or her name on the record for future check.Article 46 　 In addition to the rules provided in the Regulations, operation of an amateur station by an foeign amateur radio organization or individual within the jurisdiction of the Republic of China shall comply with the following:1. The owner of the domestic amateur station shall apply to the competent authority via the Chinese Taipei Amateur Radio League（CTARL） for approval at least 10 days prior to the date of operation. The station shall put into operation after the approval is granted.2. The maximum period of operation is six months. The owner of the domestic amateur station shall jointly engage in the operation and make records of it.Article 47 　 Any of the following acts is prohibited from operating amateur station by amateur operator:1. The use of unassigned station identified call sign.2. Engaging in illegal communication or transmitting illegal messages.3. Communications involving transmission of public telecommunication business or in which the operator has a pecuniary interest.4. Communications involving transmission of untruthful signals or messages.5. Engaging in any form of broadcasting or any activity related to news gathering.6. Retransmission of signals from non-amateur station or acting as a repeater station for radio stations other than amateur stations.7. Communications utilizing cipher or cryptogram not approved by the competent authority.8. Communications causing interference to other radio signals.9. Broadcasting of signals involving music, songs, whistling, obscene or indecent language or image, or quarreling messages.10. Leasing of a radio station to others.11. Transmission of messages to third party radio stations, except the stations within the jurisdiction of a foreign government whose administration has made reciprocal arrangements with the Republic of China to allow such third party communications.12. Posting of messages unrelated to radio communication on the amateur radio electronic bulletin.13. Intentional occupation of specified amateur radio frequencies without the prior approval by the competent authority.14. Other communications specifically prohibited by the competent authority.Amateur radio organizations shall not engage in any communication activities not approved by the competent authority.Chapter VIII. Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 48 　 Anyone who violates article 5, 12, 43, 44, 46, or 47 shall be penalized in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article 67-1 of the Telecommunications Act.Anyone who violates the related regulations of amateur station, except the regulations of the proceeding paragraph, shall be penalized in accordance with subparagraph 3,4 and 5 of paragraph 1 of Article 65 of the Telecommunications Act.Article 49 　 If passing Class 1 amateur operator qualification written exam within one year after these regulations have been amended and promulgated, the Class 2 amateur operator before these regulations amended and promulgated may apply for the renewal of the license of Class 1 amateur operator.Article 50 　 The applicant, applying for examinations, type approvals, inspections and issuance of licenses persuant to these regulations, shall be charged examination fee, type approval fee, inspection fee and license fee according to the fee schedule established by the competent authority.Article 51 　 The competent authority or other agencies upon the request of the Ministry may grant award to those organizations or individuals who have made significant contribution toward scientific research, administration, and promotion of public interests related to amateur radio communication services.Article 52 　 The competent authority shall enact related directions and technical specification guidelines.Article 53 　 These regulations shall come into effect as of the date of promulgation.
