Chapter 1 GeneralArticle 1　 This regulation is established in accordance with Article 41-1 of the Civil Aviation Act.Article 2 　 Definitions:1. Civil air transport enterprise.An aircraft operation involving the transport of passengers or property for compensation or hire.2. General aviation enterprise.An enterprise engaging in the aviation business other than Civil air transport enterprise for compensation, including aerial tourism, survey, photographing, fire-fighting, searching, paramedic, hauling and lifting, spraying and dusting, drone-hauling service, business charter, as well as other authorized aviation service.3. Aircraft operator (operator).A person, corporation or government organization engaged in an aircraft operation.4. Crew/Crew member.A person assigned by an operator to duty on an aircraft during flight.5. Flight crew member.A licensed crew member charged with duties essential to the operation of an aircraft during flight.6. Cruise relief pilot.A flight crew member who is assigned to perform pilot tasks during cruise flight, to allow the pilot-in-command or a co-pilot to obtain planned rest but may not act as a pilot-in-command nor perform take-off or landings on left seat..7. Single flight crew.A composition of flight crew during aircraft flight time no less than the required by the flight manual for that type of aircraft. It shall include a pilot in command, a co-pilot and a flight engineer if applicable.8. Multiple flight crew.During flight, it shall include a pilot-in-command, a cruise relief pilot and a co-pilot; or a pilot in command, a cruise pilot, a co-pilot and two flight engineers; or a pilot-in-command, a captain, a co-pilot and two flight engineers.9. Double flight crew.During flight, it shall include a pilot-in-command, a captain, and two co-pilots; or one pilot in command, one cruise pilot, two co-pilots and two flight engineers; or a pilot-in-command, a captain, two co-pilots, and two flight engineers, or one pilot-in command, one cruise pilot, two co-pilots, and two flight engineers.10. Pilot-in-Command (PIC).The pilot designated by the operator, or the owner, as being in command and charged with the safe conduct of a flight.11. Cabin crew member.A crew member who performs, in the interest of safety of passengers, duties assigned by the operator or the pilot-in-command of the aircraft, but who shall not act as a flight crew member.12. Flight manual.A manual approved by the State of Design or a manual accepted by the Civil Aeronautics Administrations(CAA), Minister of Transportations and Communications(MOTC) and associated with the certificate of airworthiness, containing limitations within which the aircraft is to be considered airworthy, and instructions and information necessary to the flight crew members for the safe operation of the aircraft.13. Flight operations manual.A manual established by the operator, containing general policy, regulations and limitations for the flight operations of the aircraft. The manual is established in accordance with CAA and aircraft manufacture’s instructions.14. Aircraft operating manual.A manual, established by the aircraft manufacturer, or amended by the specified operator containing normal, abnormal and emergency procedures, checklists, limitations, performance information, details of the aircraft systems and other material relevant to the operation of the aircraft.15. General maintenance manual.A manual established by the operator, containing general policy, requirements and standards for the maintenance of each type aircraft operated by the operator. The manual is established in accordance with CAA and aircraft manufacture’s instructions and other material relevant to the maintenance of the aircraft.16. Aeronautical charts.A representation of a portion of the Earth, its culture and relief, specifically designated to meet the requirements of air navigation.17. Alternate aerodrome.Alternate aerodromes include the following:a) Take-off alternate.An alternate aerodrome at which an aircraft can land should this become necessary shortly, after take off.b) En route alternate.An alternate aerodrome at which an aircraft would be able to land after experiencing an abnormal or emergency condition while en route.c) Destination alternate.An alternate aerodrome to which an aircraft may proceed should it become either impossible or inadvisable to land at the aerodrome of intended landing.18. Flight time.The time regarded for the calculation from the moment that flight crew members commence the flight duty and the limitation of flight time log.a) Airplane.The total time from the moment an airplane first moves for the purpose of taking off until the moment it finally comes to rest after landing.b) Helicopters.The total time from the moment a helicopter’s rotor blades start turning until the moment the helicopter finally comes to rest at the end of the flight, and the rotor blades are stopped.19. Service time.The total time from the moment an aircraft lifts off the ground until the moment it touches down at the end of the flight. It is for calculation and record keeping of service time of the aircraft, engine, propeller, installations and equipment thereof, unless the maintenance manual requires otherwise.20. Duty Period.A period which starts when a flight or cabin crew member is required by an operator to report for or to commence a duty and ends when that person is free from all duties. These duties are, but are not limited to: flight duty, administrative work, training, positioning and standby; should have been included into duty rosters.21. Rest period.A continuous and defined period of time, subsequent to and/or prior to duty, during which flight or cabin crew members are free of all duties.22. Rest place.Flight crew member’s residence, or hotel, or dormitory provided by the operator for accommodations of flight crew members.23. Sleeping berths.Equipment on board an aircraft on which a flight crew member may lay down and rest.24. Dangerous goods.Articles or substances are classified in accordance with Act Article 43 Item 3 of CAA Civil Aviation Act.25. Aerodrome operating minima.The limits of usability of an aerodrome for takeoff and landing, expressed in terms of runway visual range and/or visibility, decision altitude/height (DA/H) or minimum descent altitude/height (MDA/H).26. Visual reference.The visual aids of the approach area that should have been in view for a sufficient time for the pilot to make an assessment of the aircraft position and rate of change of position, in relation to the desired flight path.27. Decision height (DH).A specified height in the precision approach or approach with vertical guidance at which a missed approach must be initiated if the required visual reference to continue the approach has not been established. Decision height (DH) is referenced to the threshold elevation.28. Decision attitude (DA).A specified attitude in the precision approach or approach with vertical guidance at which a missed approach must be initiated if the required visual reference to continue the approach has not been established. Decision attitude (DA) is referenced to mean sea level.29. Flight recorder.Any type of recorder installed in the aircraft for the purpose of complementing accident/incident investigation. It includes the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder.30. Pressure-altitude.An atmospheric pressure expressed in terms of altitude that correspond to that pressure in the Standard Atmosphere.31. Cabin pressure altitude.A cabin pressure expressed in terms of altitude that corresponds to that pressure in the Standard Atmosphere.32. Runway visual range (RVR).The range over which the pilot of an aircraft on the centreline of a runway can see the runway surface markings or the lights delineating the runway or identifying its centreline.33. Minimum descent altitude (MDA).A specified altitude in a non-precision approach or circling approach below which descent must not be made without the required visual reference. Minimum descent altitude (MDA) is referenced to mean sea level.34. Minimum descent height (MDH).A specified height in a non-precision approach or circling approach below which descent must not be made without the required visual reference. Minimum descent height (MDH) is referenced to the aerodrome elevation or to the threshold elevation if that is more than 2 m (7 ft) below the aerodrome elevation. A minimum descent height for a circling approach is referenced to the aerodrome elevation.35. Master minimum equipment list (MMEL).A list established for a particular aircraft type by the organization responsible for the type design with the approval of the State of Design containing items, one or more of which is permitted to be unserviceable at the commencement of a flight. The MMEL may be associated with special operating conditions, limitations or procedures.36. Minimum equipment list (MEL).A list which provides for the operation of aircraft, subject to specified conditions, with particular equipment inoperative, prepared by an operator in conformity with, or more restrictive than, the MMEL established for the aircraft type. The MEL shall be approved by the CAA before implementation.37. Configuration deviation list (CDL).A list established by the organization responsible for the type design with the approval of the State of design which identifies any external parts of an aircraft type which may be missing for the aircraft to continue service, and contains, where necessary any information on the associated operating limitations and performance correction. The MEL shall be approved by the CAA before implementation.38. Emergency locator transmitter (ELT).Generic term describing equipment which broadcast distinctive signals on designated frequencies and, depending on application, may be automatically activated by impact or be manually activated. An ELT may be any of the following:a) Automatic fixed ELT (ELT (AF)).An automatically activated ELT which is permanently attached to an aircraft.b) Automatic portable ELT (ELT (AP)).An automatically activated ELT which is rigidly attached to an aircraft but readily removable from the aircraft.c) Automatic deployable ELT (ELT (AD)).An ELT which is rigidly attached to an aircraft and which is automatically deployed and activated by impact, and, in some cases, also by hydrostatic sensors. Manual deployment is also provided.d) Survival ELT (ELT(S)).An ELT which is removable from an aircraft, stowed so as to facilitate its ready use in an emergency, and manually activated by survivors.39. Visual meteorological conditions (VMC).Meteorological conditions expressed in terms of visibility, distance from cloud and ceiling equal or better than specified minima40. Instrument meteorological conditions (IMC).Meteorological conditions expressed in terms of visibility, distance from cloud and ceiling less than the minima specified for visual meteorological conditions.41. Obstacle clearance height (OCH).The lowest height above the elevation of the relevant runway threshold or the aerodrome elevation as applicable, used in establishing compliance with appropriate obstacle clearance criteria. Obstacle clearance height is referenced to the threshold elevation or in the case of non-precision approaches to the aerodrome elevation or the threshold elevation if that is more than 2 m (7 ft) below the aerodrome elevation. An obstacle clearance height for a circling approach is referenced to the aerodrome elevation.42. Obstacle clearance altitude (OCA).The lowest altitude above the elevation of the relevant runway threshold or the aerodrome elevation as applicable, used in establishing compliance with appropriate obstacle clearance criteria. Obstacle clearance altitude is referenced to mean sea level or in the case of non-precision approaches to the aerodrome elevation or the threshold elevation if that is more than 2 m (7 ft) below the aerodrome elevation. An obstacle clearance height for a circling approach is referenced to the aerodrome elevation.43. Approach and landing operations using instrument approach procedures.Instrument approach and landing operations are classified as follows:a) Precision approach and landing operations.An instrument approach and landing using precision lateral and vertical guidance with minima as determined by the category of operation.b) Non-precision approach and landing operations.An instrument approach and landing which utilizes lateral guidance but does not utilize vertical guidance.c) Approach and landing operations with vertical guidance.An instrument approach and landing which utilizes lateral and vertical guidance but does not meet the requirements established for precision approach and landing operations.44. Categories of precision approach and landing operations:a) Category I (CAT I) operation.A precision instrument approach and landing with a decision height not lower than 60m (200 ft) and with either a visibility is not less than 800m or a runway visual range not less than 550m.b) Category II (CAT II) operation.A precision instrument approach and landing with a decision height lower than 60 m (200 ft) but not lower than 30 m (100 ft) and runway visual range not less than 300 m.c) Category IIIA (CAT IIIA) operation.A precision instrument approach and landing with decision height lower than 30 m (100 ft) and a runway visual range not lower than 175m.d) Category IIIB (CAT IIIB) operation.A precision instrument approach and landing height not lower than 15 m (50 ft) and runway visual range less than 175m but not less than 50m.e) Category IIIC (CAT IIIC) operation.A precision instrument approach and landing with no decision height and no runway visual range limitations.45.Performance-based navigation .Area navigation based on performance requirements for aircraft operating along an ATS route, on an instrument approach procedure or in a designated airspace.46. Initial training.The training required for a crew member who has not been qualified and served in the same position on another aircraft of the same type.47. Transition training.The training required for crew member who is qualified and serves in the same position on anther aircraft type.48. Upgrade training.The training required for a crew member who is qualified and serves as a co-pilot or a flight engineer on a specific aircraft type before he/she serves as a pilot-in-command or a co-pilot on that aircraft respectively.49. Recurrent training.The training for qualified crew member in a certain type of aircraft, to maintain their proficiency to meet the standard requirement.50. Re-qualification training.The training required for crew members previously trained, who have become unqualified due to not meeting within the recurrent training requirements or the proficiency checks. The training requirement scope shall be dependent upon the duration of disqualification and the on type experience of the applicant.51. Minimum Navigation Performance Specification.For flights in defined airspace, where an aircraft shall be provided with minimum navigation performance specifications.52. Night.The hours between the end of evening civil twilight and the beginning of morning civil twilight.53. Congested area.In relation to a city, town or settlement, any area which is substantially used for residential, commercial on recreation purposes.54. Large aircraft.Airplane.An airplane of a maximum certificated take-off mass of over 5700 kg.Helicopter.A helicopter of a maximum certificated take-off mass of over 3175 kg.55. Small aircraft.Airplane.An airplane of a maximum certificated take-off mass of 5700 kg or less.Helicopter.An helicopter of a maximum certificated take-off mass of 3175 kg or less.56. Helicopter.A heavier-than-air aircraft supported in flight chiefly by the reaction of the air on one or more power-driven rotors on substantially vertical axes.57. Performance class 1 helicopter.Operations with performance such that, in the event of a critical power-unit failure, performance is available to enable the helicopter to safely continue the flight to an appropriate landing area, unless the failure occurs prior to reaching the take-off decision point (TDP) or after passing the landing decision point (LDP), in which cases the helicopter must be able to land within the rejected take-off or landing area.58. Performance class 2 helicopter.Operations with performance such that, in the event of critical power-unit failure, performance is available to enable the helicopter to safely continue the flight to an appropriate landing area, except when the failure occurs early during the take-off manoeuvre or late in the landing manoeuvre, in which cases a forced landing may be required.59. Performance class 3 helicopter.Operations with performance such that, in the event of a power-unit failure at any time during the flight, a forced landing will be required.60. Helideck.A heliport located on a floating or fixed offshore structure.61. Heliport.An aerodrome or a defined area or a structure intended to be used wholly or in part for the arrival, departure and surface movement of helicopters.62. Elevated heliport. A heliport located on a raised structure on land.63. Helicopter operating minima.The limit of usability of a heliport for take-off/landing expressed in terms of runway visual range/ visibility, decision altitude/height (DA/H) minimum descent altitude (MDA/H) and cloud conditions.64. Defined point after take-off (DPATO).The point, within the take-off and initial climb phase, before which the helicopter’s ability to continue the flight safely, with one engine inoperative, is not assured and a forced landing may be required.65. Defined point before landing (DPBL).The point, within the approach and landing phase, after which the helicopter’s ability to continue the flight safely, with one engine inoperative, is not assured and a forced landing may be required.66. Take-off decision point (TDP).The point used in determining take-off performance from which, a power-unit failure occurring at this point, either a rejected take-off may be made or a take-off safely continued.67. Landing decision point.The point used in determining landing performance from which, a power-unit failure occurring at this point, the landing may be safely continued or a balked landing initiated.68. Point of no return.The point on a flight at which, due to fuel consumption, an aircraft is no longer capable of returning to its aerodrome of origin safely. After passing the point of no return, the aircraft has no option but to continue to destination or alternate aerodrome.69. Take-off and initial climb phase.That part of the helicopter flight from the start of take-off to 300 m (1,000 ft) above the elevation of the final approach and take-off area (FATO), if the flight is planned to exceed this height, or to the end of the climb in the other cases.70. En-route phase.That part of the helicopter flight from the end of the take-off and initial climb phase to the commencement of the approach and landing phase.71. Final approach and take-off area (FATO). A defined area over which the final phase of the approach manoeuvre to hover or landing is completed and from which the take-off manoeuvre is commenced. Where the FATO is to be used by helicopters operating in performance Class 1, the defined area includes the rejected take-off area available.72. Approach and landing phase.That part of the flight from 300 m (1000 ft) above the elevation of the FATO, if the flight is planned to exceed this height, or from the commencement of the descent in the other cases, to landing or to the balked landing point.73. Autorotation.A rotorcraft flight condition in which the lifting rotor is driven entirely by action of the air when the rotorcraft is in motion.74. Flight plan.Specified information provided to air traffic services units, relative to an intended flight or portion of a flight of an aircraft.75. Operational flight plan.The operator’s plan for the safe conduct of the flight based on consideration of meteorological conditions, aircraft performance, fuel requirements, flight route structure, other operating limitations and relevant expected conditions on the route to be followed and at the aerodromes concerned.76. Take-off safety speed.It is the minimum climbing speed in the event of sudden failure of the critical power-unit at all speeds down to the lowest speed corresponding with the operating limits of remaining power unit.77. Initial airworthiness.An airworthiness certificate first issued to the specific type of an aircraft by R.O.C.78. Operational control.The exercise of authority over the initiation, continuation, diversion or termination of a flight in the interest of the safety of the aircraft and the regularity and efficiency of the flight.79. Human Factors principles.Principles which apply to aeronautical design, certification, training, operations and maintenance and which seek safe interface between the human and other system components by proper consideration to human performance.80. Ultra long-haul flight.A continuous nonstop flight which has at least 16 consecutive hours of flight time.81. Acrobatic flight.An intentional maneuver involving an abrupt change in an aircraft's attitude, an abnormal attitude, or abnormal acceleration not necessary for normal flight.82. Rebuilt power plant.Restoration of the powerplant to the applicable airworthiness standards by disassembly, cleaning, inspection, repair, reassembly, and test to the same tolerances and limits as a new item in accordance with methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to the CAA.83. Flight duty period.A period which commences when a crew member is required to report for duty that includes a flight or a series of flights and which finishes when the aeroplane finally comes to rest at the end of the last flight on which he/she is a crew member.84. Travelling time.The time which crew member travel to the place designated by operator for the report for duty, or rest after being released from duty.85. Positioning time.A period of time for transferring of a non-operating crew member from place to place as a passenger at the behest of the operator.86. Home base.The location nominated by the operator to the crew member from where the crew member normally starts and ends a duty period or a series of duty periods.87. Head-up display (HUD).A display system that presents flight information into the pilot’s forward external field of view.88. Enhanced vision system (EVS).A system to display electronic real-time images of the external scene achieved through the use of image sensors.89. Free balloon flight operation.A flight carried out by free balloon involving the transport of passengers.90. Free balloon tethered activity.A free balloon which is moored to the surface of the earth or an object.Article 3　 In an in-flight emergency situation requiring immediate action, the pilot in command may deviate from any rule or article to the extent required to meet that emergency. Each pilot-in-command who deviates from a rule or article shall notify the appropriate local authorities without delay. The pilot-in-command shall also notify CAA within 24 hours.Article 4　 An operator shall ensure that all employees when abroad know that they must comply with the laws, regulations and procedures of those States in which operations are conducted.Article 5　 Operators shall ensure that flight crew members demonstrate the ability to speak and understand the English language used for radiotelephony communications as specified in Regulations Governing Licenses and Ratings for Airmen.Article 6　 An operator shall ensure that all pilots are familiar with the laws, regulations and procedures, pertinent to the performance of their duties, prescribed for the areas to be traversed, the aerodromes to be used and the air navigation facilities relating thereto.Article 7　 An operator or a designated representative shall have responsibility for operational control.Responsibility for operational control shall be delegated only to the pilot-in-command and to a flight operations officer/flight dispatcher if an operator’s CAA approved method of control and supervision of flight operations requires the use of flight operations officer/flight dispatcher personnel.If an emergency situation which endangers the safety of the aircraft or persons becomes known first to the flight operation officer (flight dispatcher), action by that person shall include, where necessary, notification to the appropriate authorities of the nature of the situation without delay, and requests for assistance if required.Article 8　 An operator shall ensure that the pilot-in-command has available on board the airplane all the essential information concerning the search and rescue services in the area over which the airplane will be flown.An operator shall carry the lists on the airplane containing information on the emergency and survival equipment carried on board the airplane. The information shall include, as applicable, the number, colour and type of life rafts and pyrotechnics, details of emergency medical supplies, water supplies and the type and frequencies of the emergency portable radio equipment. An operator shall at all times have available the aforementioned lists for immediate communication to rescue coordination centres.Article 8-1　 CAA may designate the airport operator to perform the inspection of an operator documents on its aircraft as required in accordance with Article 38 of the Civil Aviation Act, Articles 109 and 244 of the Aircraft Flight Operation Regulations.When the above aforementioned tests are designated by CAA, the name of the designee, the commissioned items and regulations shall be promulgated on the government bulletin.Chapter 2 Civil Air Transport OperationsSection 1 Flight OperationsArticle 9　 From 1 January 2009, an operator shall establish and implement a safety management system acceptable to the CAA that, as a minimum:1. Identifies safety hazards;2. Ensures that remedial action necessary to maintain an acceptable level of safety is implemented;3. Provides for continuous monitoring (auditing) and regular assessment of the safety level achieved; and4. Aims to make continuous improvement to the overall level of safety.The safety management system shall clearly define lines of safety accountability throughout the operator’s organization, including a direct accountability for safety on the management level, and comply with attachment 1.An operator of an aircraft of a maximum certificated take-off mass in excess of 27 000 kg shall establish and maintain a flight data analysis programme as part of its safety management system.The flight data analysis programme shall be non-punitive and contain adequate safeguards to protect the source(s) of the data.ATTACHMENT 1 Safety Management System Implementation Framework.pdf
