Article 1
The General Rules are based on Article 16 of the Organization Statutory of the Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications Article 2
The Bureau has built three units: Technology, Operations and Supplies in factories in Taiwan, Kaohsiung and Hualien in order to repair and manufacture internal combustion engines, motorbikes, cars and cargo trucks. Each site has an Office of General Affairs and an Office of Labor Safety and Health and may set up all types of units based on business demands. Article 3
There are 3 presidents at each factory, and two of them should also be head engineers or deputy engineers. There are 4 vice presidents, who are also either head engineers or deputy engineers. There are 6 team heads, who are also either head engineers or deputy engineers. There are 3 office managers, 3 head managers of the Office of Labor Safety and Health, 12 head engineers, 18 deputy engineers, 28 junior engineers, 19 factory managers who are either deputy engineers, junior engineers or officers, 1 engineer manager who is either deputy engineer, junior engineer or officer, 2 managers for Labor Safety (who hold another concurrent position), 1 manager for Labor Health (who holds another concurrent position), 2 supervisors for Labor Safety and Health (who hold another concurrent position), 9 specialists, 3 auditors, 44 officers, 14 clerks, 16 administrators, 3 assistants, 83 assistant officer, 35 surveyors, 126 technology supervisors, 1,218 technical assistants, 7 secretaries, and 76 business assistants. Before the General Rules take effect, the employees hired subject to the Rules of Employment Management for Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications who are not qualified for current employment should continue to keep their current positions as secretaries until disengagement. Article 4
The factories in Taipei and Kaohsiung each have a Human Resources Office with 1 manager each. The factory in Hualien has 1 human resources manager who is in charge of human resources-related issues subject to related laws. Other necessary employees should be designated based on the quota listed in the General Rules. Article 5
Each factory has an Accounting Office with 1 accounting director, who takes care of annual budgets, accounting and statistics. Other necessary employees should be designated based on the quotas listed in the General Rules. Article 6
The factories in Taipei and Kaohsiung have Office of Ethics with 1 director who is in charge of issues related to ethics. Other necessary employees should be designated based on the quotas listed in the General Rules. Article 7
The employment of each employee in the factories is subject to the Employment Rules of Businesses in Transportation. The salary package of each role listed in the General Rules is subject to the Table of Salary for Employees in Transportation Business. Article 8
The human resources, auditing and ethics employees hired based on the Employment Rules of Civil Servants and those who are appointed with the current role based on rotational regulation are still subject to pertinent regulation until disengagement.Among the roles defined in Article 4-6, the director of Office of Human Resources and Office of Ethnics, Accounting director for the Taipei and Kaohsiung factories are all Grade 8; The accounting director in Hualien factory is Grade 7; the specialists are recommended as Grade 7 or Grade 8; the managers of Human Resources are appointed as Grade 5, or recommended to be Grade 6 or 7; the clerks are appointed as Grade 5, or recommended to be Grade 6 or 7; assistants are appointed as Grade 4 or 5, and under 50% of them may be recommended as Grade 6; the rapporteurs are appointed as Grade 1-3. Article 9
Each factory is entitled to stipulate the details of implement and submit them to the Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau under the Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval and promulgation. Article 10
The effective date of the General Rules is subject to the official announcement of the Executive Yuan. 
