Chapter One- General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This Medical Examination Standards of Airmen (hereinafter the “Standard”) is enacted in accordance with the paragraph 2 of the article 26 of Civil Aviation Law of the Republic of China.Article 2　 The medical certificates shall be issued to airmen in accordance with this Standard.Article 3　 The medical examinations to airmen may be given by the Civil Aeronautics Administration of (hereinafter “CAA”). Nevertheless, CAA may designate aviation medical examiners (hereinafter the “AME”) to give medical examinations to airmen. The guideline governing the aforesaid designation of AME shall be enacted by CAA.Article 4　 Airmen shall be classified in medical standards as class A and class B (hereinafter “Class A” and “Class B” respectively). Such respective classifications in medical standards apply to the following airmen:· Class A:(1) Airline transport pilot(2) Commercial pilot engaged in Airline transport and General Aviation business charter operation(3) Multi-crew pilot· Class B:(1) Student pilot(2) Private pilot(3) Commercial pilot engaged in General Aviation other than business charter operation(4) Commercial pilot - free balloon(5) Commercial pilot - glider(6) Private pilot - airship(7) Flight engineer(8) Air traffic controller(9) Flight instructorArticle 5　 Any airman applying for the medical examination (hereinafter the “Medical Exam”) physical check shall correct enter in each item which required in the Medical Exam record sheet and sign such record sheet.Article 6　 As deemed necessary for the reference of their respective evaluations, CAA or AME may require relevant information be provided by the airmen or give the examinations by delegate clinics or specialized physicians to the airmen. The associated expenses shall be burden by the applicant.Article 7　 If after being evaluated, it is determined that an physical check meet the requirements in the Standards or is granted a waiver on the Medical Exam (the “Waiver on Medical Exam”), CAA shall issue to the airman a Medical certificate (hereinafter the “Medical Certificate”; as set out in attachment 1 to this Standard) which shall be carried by the certification holder while performs his duties. If the applicant fails to meet the requirements in the Standard, CAA shall so notify the airman in a writing containing the reasons for the determination for such failure and the rules concerning the application for reconsideration of such determination.Issuance fee of 250 NT dollars will be charged for each medical certificate in initial issuing, supplemental issuing, or renewal.attachment 1.doc
