Article 1
The MOTC has set up the Tourism Bureau in order to develop the tourism industry of the nation. Article 2
The Bureau handles the following matters:1. Planning, guidance and promotion of the tourism industry.2. Guidance on travel activity matters for domestic and foreign tourists.3. Guidance and encouragement of private investment in the tourism industry.4. Management and issuance of certification of tourist hotels, travel industry and tour guides.5. Cultivation, training, supervision, and evaluation matters for personnel engaged in the tourism industry.6. Survey and planning matters for natural and cultural tourism resources.7. Maintenance and protection of tourist attractions and historical relics of tourist areas, and the development and management of special scenic areas.8. Inspection and approval of tourist hotel facility and equipment standards.9. Guidance of local tourism industry and tourist groups, and the promotion and improvement of the tourism environment.10. Liaison with and promotion of international tourist organizations and international tourism cooperation projects.11. Survey and research of the tourism market.12. Promotion of domestic and overseas tourism.13. Other matters related to tourism. Article 3
The Bureau is divided into five divisions in charge of the affairs listed in the preceding article respectively. Sections may be established under the divisions to carry out the affairs. Article 4
The Secretariat established under the Bureau is in charge of documentation, general affairs, cashier, meetings, official seal and other affairs not handled by other divisions. Article 5
The Bureau consists of: one director-general, with the rank of senior grade 13, taking charge of the overall affairs of the Bureau and directing and supervising the staff members of the Bureau; and one or two deputy director-general(s), with the rank of senior grade 12, assisting in taking charge of the overall affairs of the Bureau. Article 6
The Bureau consists of: one chief secretary and five division chiefs, all with the rank of senior grade 11; five deputy division chiefs, with the rank of senior grade 10; five to seven assistant director-generals, with the rank of associate grade 9 to senior grade 10; seven to nine technical specialists and two to four secretaries, all with the rank of associate grade 8 to 9, among which two technical specialists and one secretary may be ranked as senior grade 10; twelve to sixteen section chiefs, with the rank of associate grade 9; two or three engineers and four to six executive officers, all with the rank of associate grade 7 to 9; thirteen to seventeen specialists and one or two deputy engineer(s), all with the rank of associate grade 7 to 8; fifty-one to fifty-nine section assistants and twenty-five technicians, all with the rank of junior grade 5 or associate grade 6 to 7; two to four assistant technicians, with the rank of junior grade 4 to 5, among which two may be ranked as associate grade 6; sixteen to twenty senior clerks, with the rank of junior grade 3 to 5; and twelve to sixteen associate clerks, with the rank of junior grade 1 to 3.From May 20th, 2005, the vacancy of two specialists, six section assistants, three technicians and one senior clerk within the personnel quota specified in the preceding paragraph shall not be filled. Article 7
The Personnel Department, established under the Bureau, consists of: one director, with the rank of associate grade 9 to senior grade 10, in charge of personnel management affairs according to law; and other officers appointed within the personnel quota determined under this Act.The Accounting Department, established under the Bureau, consists of: one accounting director, with the rank of associate grade 9 to senior grade 10, in charge of annual settlement, accounting and statistics affairs according to law; and other officers appointed within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 8
The personnel with the positions set forth in Articles 5 to 7 shall be recruited from the persons whose careers fall into the areas in transportation administration, transportation technology management, general administrative management, public relations, press administration, employee training, translation editing, general engineering, civil engineering, horticulture, personnel administration, accounting, statistics or other relevant careers according to the Public Position Categorization and Position System Manual. Article 9
For the purpose of communicating with international tourism institutions and promoting international tourism businesses, the Bureau may accredit personnel to work abroad within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 10
The official letters issued by the Bureau externally shall be in the name of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, provided that the official letters issued for the purpose of the following matters may be in the name of the Bureau:1. The matters required to be transferred to the Bureau according to the orders of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications.2. The matters required to be supervised and directed by the Bureau according to the regulations prescribed by the orders of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications.3. The matters which have been submitted to the Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval. Article 11
The enforcement rules of the Bureau shall be drafted by the Bureau and submitted to the Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval. Article 12
This Act shall be enforced as of the date of its promulgation.The date of the enforcement of the amendments to this Act shall be specified in an order of the Executive Yuan. 
