Article 1
The Statutory was stipulated based on Article 16 of Organization Statutory of the Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transpiration and Communications Article 2
Dining and Travel Service Headquarters of Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter “The Headquarters) is in charge of the following:1. Business planning, improvement, supervision, review, quality checking and cost verification.2. Contract marketing, contract signing, review and approval, warehousing, and allocation.3. Other services related to dining and travel. Article 3
The Headquarters has 2 teams taking care of the afore-listed items. Article 4
The Headquarters has an Office of General Affairs in charge of documentation, general affairs, accounting, industry, custody and other tasks not belonging to any other offices. Article 5
The Headquarters has 1 general manager who supervises the employees and coordinates all business according to the orders of the head of the Bureau. There is also 1 senior vice president and 1 assistant manager. Article 6
The Headquarters has 2 team heads, 1 office directors, 2 supervisors, 12 specialists, 3 auditors, 5 clerks, 1 officer and 8 business assistants. Article 7
The Headquarters has an Office of Human Resources with 1 director taking care of human resources tasks; other employees required for the business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 8
The Headquarters has an Office of Accounting with 1 accounting director who takes care of auditing, accounting and statistics; other employees required for business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 9
The Office has an Office of Ethics with 1 director who takes care of ethics-related matters; other employees required for business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 10
The Headquarters can set up a service division for transportation business and divisions in Kaohsiung, Hualien and Shulin, as well as restaurants in Taipei, Taichung and Kaohsiung. Article 11
The service division for transportation business and each restaurant should have 1 manager, 1 assistant manager. Each division should have 1 manager, 1 specialist, 1 auditor, 3 directors of Office of Labor Safety and Health (and 2 of them can undertake other roles), 1 manager of labor safety (who has another role), 1 manager of labor health (who has another role) and 9 business assistants. Article 12
The service division for transportation business should have 1 human resources manager to take charge of related matters subject to pertinent laws. Article 13
The service division for transportation business and each restaurant should have 1 accountant taking care of auditing, accounting and statistics subject to pertinent laws. Article 14
The engagement of the Headquarters’ staff is subject to the Rules of Employees in Transportation Business.The qualifications and salary package of all the positions listed herewith are subject to the rules of the Table of Salary for Employees in Transportation Business.The directors for Office of Human Resources, Office of Ethics, and Office of Accounting roles stated in Article 7-9, Article 12 and 13 are recommended as Grade 8; supervisors and specialists are all recommended as Grade 7-8; the human resources managers and accountants are assigned to be Grade 5 and recommended to be Grade 7; clerks are assigned as Grade 5 or recommended to be Grade 6-7. Article 16
The details of operations in the Headquarters shall be planned out by the Headquarters and submitted to Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval and announcement. Article 17
The effective date of the Statutory is subject to the order of Executive Yuan. 
