Article 1
This Act is enacted pursuant to the provisions of Article 10 of the Organization Act of the Civil Aviation Administration (hereafter referred as the CAA) of the MOTC. Article 2
The airport offices under the CAA shall be tasked with the following responsibilities:1. The operation and management of airports.2. The management and maintenance of airport land, facilities and equipment.3. The inspection and management of inbound and outbound aircrafts and airline crews and the safety and security of ground service and operations.4. The prevention and rescue of airport disasters and flight accidents and execution of emergency response actions.5. The monitoring of airport flight status and troubleshooting of airport incidents.6. The monitoring and control of airport noise levels and the allocation of airport budget.7. Other related matters. Article 3
The airport offices under the CAA shall be classified into the following airport categories pursuant to the types of air routes serviced, volume of aircraft landing and take-off traffic, and volume of passenger and cargo planes: Airport S, Airport A,Airport B, Airport C, and Airport D. The establishment and category of a particular airport office shall be subject to CAA designation and thereafter forwarding to the Ministry of Transportation and Communications and the Executive Yuan for approval.The airport offices as stated in the preceding paragraph shall be named in locus or in memoriam. Article 4
An Airport S shall have six sections ; Airport A shall have five sections in their organizations to attend to the responsibilities defined in Article 2; whereas, Airport B shall have three sections, Airport C have two sections and Airport D have no section. Article 5
Airport S director bearing the rank of Senior Grade 11 shall be appointed to take charge of the management of the Airport S operations and the direction and supervision of its personnel. Three deputy directors bearing the rank of Senior Grade 10 shall be appointed to assist in the supervision of airport operations. Moreover, the airport personnel organization shall consist of six section chiefs bearing ranks ranging from of Junior Grade 9 to Senior Grade 10; four secretaries bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9; ten to twelve senior flight operations officers and five to seven engineers all ranked Junior Grade 8; four to six associate engineers and seven to eleven specialistsbearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 7 to Junior Grade 8; thirteen to fifteen assistant engineers bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; one fire brigade chief bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 5 to Junior Grade 7; nineteen to twenty-one flight operations officers, twenty-six to twenty-eight section staff members, twenty-one to twenty-three junior engineersbearing ranks of Elementary Grade 5 or ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; three firefighting squad leaders bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 4 to Elementary Grade 5, one of whom shall be ranked Junior Grade 6; three nurses ranked as medical gradation aids; sixteen to eighteen clerks and three technical assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 3 to Elementary Grade 5; twenty-two to twenty-four office assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 1 to Elementary Grade 3. Article 6
Airport A director bearing the rank of Senior Grade 11 shall be appointed to take charge of the management of the Airport A operations and the direction and supervision of its personnel. Two deputy directors bearing the rank of Senior Grade 10 shall be appointed to assist in the supervision of airport operations. Moreover, the airport personnel organization shall consist of five section chiefs bearing ranks ranging from of Junior Grade 9 to Senior Grade 10; four secretaries bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9; four to eight senior flight operations officers and three to five engineers all ranked Junior Grade 8; three to five associate engineers and three to nine specialists bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 7 to Junior Grade 8; five to nine assistant engineers bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; one fire brigade chiefbearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 5 to Junior Grade 7; ten to eighteen flight operations officers, ten to eighteen section staff members, six to ten junior engineers bearing ranks of Elementary Grade 5 or ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; three firefighting squad leaders bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 4 to Elementary Grade 5, one of whom may be ranked Junior Grade 6; two nurses ranked as medical gradation aids; eight to twelve clerks and three technical assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 3 to Elementary Grade 5; five to nine office assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 1 to Elementary Grade 3. Article 7
Airport B director bearing the rank of Senior Grade 10 shall be appointed to take charge of the management of the Airports B operations and the direction and supervision of its personnel. One deputy director bearing the rank of Junior Grade 9 shall be appointed to assist in the supervision of airport operations. Moreover, the airport personnel organization shall consist of three section chiefs bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9; two senior flight operations officers and one engineer all ranked Junior Grade 8; one associate engineer and two specialists bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 7 to Junior Grade 8; two assistant engineers bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; five to seven flight operations officers, six to eight section staff members, two to four junior engineersbearing ranks of Elementary Grade 5 or ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; two firefighting squad leaders bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 4 to Elementary Grade 5, one of whom may be ranked Junior Grade 6; one nurse ranked as medical gradation aids; two to four clerks and two technical assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 3 to Elementary Grade 5; one to three office assistants bearing ranks ranging from Elementary Grade 1 to Elementary Grade 3. Article 8
Airport C director bearing the rank of Junior Grade 9 shall be appointed to take charge of the management of the Airport C operations and the direction and supervision of its personnel. The airport personnel organization shall consist of two section chiefs and two senior flight operations officers ranked Junior Grade 8; one associate engineer and one specialist bearing ranks ranging from Junior Grade 7 to Junior Grade 8; one assistant engineer bearing a rank ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; three to five flight operations officers, four to six section staff members, two junior engineersbearing ranks of Elementary Grade 5 or ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; one firefighting squad leaderbearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 4 to Elementary Grade 5; one nurse ranked as medical gradation aid; two to four clerks and one technical assistant bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 3 to Elementary Grade 5; one office assistant bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 1 to Elementary Grade 3. Article 9
Airport D director bearing the rank of Junior Grade 8 shall be appointed to take charge of the management of the Airport D operations and the direction and supervision of its personnel. The airport personnel organization shall consist of two to four flight operations officers, one section staff member, one junior engineer bearing ranks of Elementary Grade 5 or ranging from Junior Grade 6 to Junior Grade 7; one firefighting squad leader bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 4 to Elementary Grade 5; one nurse ranked as medical gradation aid; one technical assistant bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 3 to Elementary Grade 5; one office assistant bearing a rank ranging from Elementary Grade 1 to Elementary Grade 3. Article 10
The director of an international airport is responsible for the coordination and supervision of other various work personnel stationed at the airport. Article 11
Where personnel employed under Regulations governing the management of contract employees do not possess civil service eligibility, employment may be continued; however, said employees shall be assigned to fill vacancies in office assistant positions until their resignation. Article 12
A Personnel Office shall be established in airports classified as Airport S, Airport A, and Airport B and subject to the administration of an office director bearing the rank ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9 who shall attend to personnel administration matters pursuant to the laws. Essential staff members shall be employed pursuant to the personnel allocation quota herein prescribed.The Personnel Officer appointed to a Airport C shall be an adjunct position to be held by a CAA-designated section staff member bearing a Junior Grade rank or higher. Article 13
An Accounting Office shall be established in airports classified as Airport S, Airport A, and Airport B and subject to the administration of an office director bearing the rank ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9 who shall attend to annual budgeting, accounting, and statistical matters of the airport. Essential staff members shall be employed pursuant to the personnel allocation quota herein prescribed.The Accounting Officer appointed to a Airport C shall be an adjunct position to be held by a CAA-designated section staff member bearing a Junior Grade rank or higher CAA. Article 14
A Government Ethic Office shall be established in airports classified as Airport S, Airport A, and Airport B and subject to the administration of an office director bearing the rank ranging from Junior Grade 8 to Junior Grade 9 who shall attend to civil service ethics related matters of the airport. Essential staff members shall be employed pursuant to the personnel allocation quota herein prescribed. Article 15
Operations of an Airport D shall be subject to the supervision of a CAA-designated supervisory airport. Article 16
In response to the business and operating requirements, an airport holding an Airport C or higher classification may organize pertaining committees and invite the participation of related government agency representatives, scholars, and experts as the committee members. Committee members are positions without remuneration.Essential staff members shall be appointed pursuant to the personnel allocation quota herein prescribed. Article 17
The officers and personnel and their respective designated ranks as defined in Article 5 to Article 9 and from Article 12 to Article 14 shall be appointed and employed pursuant to the provisions of Article 8 of the of the Civil Service Employment Act.Medical personnel shall be employed pursuant to the Medical Personnel Management Act. Article 18
The Act shall come into force on the date of its promulgation. 
