Article 1
The Statutory was stipulated based on Article 16 of the Organization Statutory of the Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transpiration and Communications Article 2
Cargo Service Headquarters of the Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter “The Headquarters) takes charge of contracting, transportation plans, auditing, accident handling, management of all types of cars and transportation machinery, coordinating maintenance requests, managing warehousing, inventory check-up, investigation and statistics, advertising and parking lots. Article 3
The teams under Headquarters take charge of the aforementioned items listed. Article 4
The General Affairs Office at Headquarters is in charge of documentation, sealing, management of affairs, accounting, maintenance and other tasks that do not belong to other offices. Article 5
The Headquarters has a president who oversees business at headquarters, under the minister and supervises his or her employees. There is also one senior vice-president and one assistant manager. Article 6
In the Headquarters, there are 1 team head, 1 office director, 1 senior engineer, 4 supervisors, 12 specialists, 2 auditors, 2 assistant engineers, 1 officer, 17 clerks, 1 secretary, and 8 business assistants. Article 7
The Human Resources Office has 1 director who takes care of human resources tasks; other employees required for the business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 8
The Accounting Office has 1 accounting director who takes care of auditing, accounting and statistics; other employees required for the business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 9
The Office of Ethics has 1 director who takes care of ethics-related issues based on related laws; other employees required for the business shall be assigned based on the quotas defined in the Statutory. Article 10
The Headquarters is entitled to set up service centers in Taipei, Taichung, Tainan and Kaohsiung for shipping, warehousing and transportation. The Headquarters can also recruit for shipping services and set up service centers in each important station along the railway. Article 11
The Headquarters has 1 manager, 3 assistant managers, 11 directors, 19 directors for service stations, 22 directors of Office of Labor Safety and Health ( 19 among them have other roles), 5 officers of labor safety and health (undertaking other roles), 10 clerks, 28 officers, 5 secretaries, 80 business assistants and 7 technology assistants. Article 12
The service station has 1 human resources manager who takes care of related issues subject to pertinent laws. Article 13
The Accounting Office in the service centers has 1 accounting director who takes care of auditing, accounting and statistics. Article 14
The engagement of the Headquarters’ staff is subject to the Rules of Employees in Transportation Business.The qualification and salary package of all the positions listed herewith are subject to the rules of Table of Salary for Employees in Transportation Business. Article 15
The employees of human resources, financial planning and ethics who were relocated to or employed at the Headquarters based on the original Rules of Employment for Civil Servants are eligible for Rules of Employment for Civil Servants until disengagement.Among the roles listed in Article 7-9. Article 12 and Article 13, the directors of Office of Human Resources and Office of Ethics and Accounting Office are all recommended as Grade 8; the supervisors and specialists are all ranked Grade 7-8; the accounting directors in each service center are recommended to be Grade 7; the managers of human resources are assigned as Grade 5 or recommended as Grade 7; clerks are assigned as Grade 5 or recommended as Grade 6-7; the rapporteurs are assigned as Grade 1-3. Article 16
The details of operations in the Headquarters shall be planned out by the Headquarters and submitted to Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval and announcement. Article 17
The effective date of the Statutory is subject to the order of Executive Yuan. 
