Article 1
The following regulations are enacted in accordance with the R.O.C. Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Ports, section 42, subsection 2. Article 2
Cooperative agreements on construction, leasing, operations, etc. signed between a Free Trade Zone or non-Free Trade Zone enterprise and the Kaohsiung Harbor Bureau, MOTC (hereafter, KHB) will be subject to management fees specified within the cooperation contract only.　No additional management fees will be assessed.　A Free Trade Zone or non-Free Trade Zone enterprise that utilizes space within the KFTZ already leased by a shipping company or other lessee will not be subject to additional KHB management fees.　The KHB will collect management fees only from lessees in accordance with contracted lease obligations. Contracts may specify that management fees be calculated using one of the following methodologies:a. Cargo tonnage;b. Fixed percentage of operating revenue; orc. Fixed percentage of annual lease value. Article 3
Fees will be collected according to the following standards.a. Application by a Free Trade Zone business to establish operations in the KFTZ.　A processing fee of NT,000 will be charged for each application.b. Application by other businesses to establish operations in the KFTZ.　A processing fee of NT,000 will be charged for each application.c. Application for Long-Term KFTZ Entry/Exit permit for personnel.　A processing fee of NT00 will be charged per person per application.　Approved permits will be valid for five years.d. Application for Long-Term KFTZ Vehicle Access permit. A processing fee of NT00 will be charged per vehicle per application for both personal and business-use vehicles.　Approved permits will be valid for five years.e. Application for Limited Duration KFTZ Entry/Exit permit for personnel.　A processing fee of NT00 will be charged per person per application.　Approved permits will be valid for six months.f. Application for Limited Duration KFTZ Vehicle Access permit. A processing fee of NT00 will be charged per vehicle per application for both personal and business-use vehicles.　Approved permits will be valid for six months.The above fees may be adjusted as needed. Article 4
Fees noted in this document will be invoiced and payment should be made to the appropriate office within the time period specified. Article 5
Fees noted in this document that are not paid as required will be handled in accordance with the R.O.C. Charges and Fees Act. Article 6
This regulations document will take effect immediately upon promulgation. 
