Article 1
This Regulation is made according to Article 38 of Telecommunications Act. Article 2
Building indoor and outdoor telecommunication equipment and space appliance installation and its usage shall adhere to this Regulation. Items not stipulated in the Regulation shall comply with other rules and decrees. Article 3
Definition of terminology in the Regulation:1. Telecommunication box equipment: Equipment content building telecommunication cables such as telecommunication input, vertical pipe, cable supporting rack, distribution frame, horizontal pipe, floor pipe, floor wire, major wire distribution box (frame), optical line distribution frame, main wire box, branch wire box. 2. Telecommunication line distribution equipment: Telecommunication cable, optical fiber cable and attached equipment used in the building, such as input cable, wire distribution rack, wire distribution cable, optical line distribution terminal (box), end board, telecommunication outlet (including telephone outlet, information outlet or optical outlet) and safety protection machine. 3. Telecommunication room: space inside the building for the local internet provider to input cable and install telecommunication equipment.4. Telecommunication machinery equipment: a generic name for telecommunication exchange equipment, telecommunication transmission equipment, telecommunication end interface equipment and related supporting equipment installed by the local internet provider in the building.5. Telecommunication safety connection equipment: connection equipment and various safety facilities used to protect telecommunication machinery line equipment.6. Wire collection telecommunication equipment: telecommunication transmission equipment and cable collection equipment installed by the local internet provider to collect cable wire of different transmission route.7. Wire collection room: space for the local internet provider to install input cable and wire collection telecommunication equipment that the local internet service provider installed outside of building existing telecommunication room.8. Telecommunication input pipe: telecommunication channel that inputs telecommunication cable or optical fiber cable to a building’s major wire distribution box (frame), optical line distribution frame or telecommunication room by building on stilts or underground.9. User exchange equipment: exchange machine, extension and supporting facilities installed inside the building for users within an area.10. Community building: buildings within the same construction base or belonging to the same management or management committee.11. Outdoor telecommunication facility: refers to the stilts between the buildings within the construction base, line facilities built on stilts or underground. Article 4
When constructing a building, the constructor shall install indoor and outdoor telecommunication equipment accordingly and reserve space for establishing a telecommunication room and other facilities. However, buildings announced by National Communications Commission ( hereinafter as ”NCC”) are not included.The aforementioned telecommunication equipment, include telecommunication input pipe, major wire box, user end board, telecommunication box, telecommunication cable and other telecommunication service needed by users.In the case of a shortage of existing building telecommunication and equipment installation that leads to inadequate telecommunication service, needs should be negotiated between the owner and local Internet service provider, and installed by the owner.The telecommunication equipment and space established for the building according to Article 1 and the previous article shall meet the requirement of the building. It shall be used by the local internet service provider accordingly. Article 5
The building telecommunication equipment connected to the local internet provider’s telecommunication network equipment shall be equipped with a point of division of liabilities. Article 6
Stipulations regarding the aforementioned installation and maintenance the point of division of liabilities is as follows:1. Building input cables:(1) For buildings with user end exchange board, the point of division of liabilities shall be the user end exchange board electronic connecting terminal(2) For buildings without user end exchange board, the point of division of liabilities shall be the building terminal board electronic installed in the building by the local internet provider. However, in the case of other rules and decrees, they shall be adhered to accordingly.2. Building input optical fiber cables:(1) In the case of buildings with optical line distribution frame, the point of division of liabilities shall be the Optical Line Distribution terminal in the customer’s side of terminal of Optical Line distribution frame.(2) In the case of buildings without Optical Line Distribution Frame, the point of division of liabilities shall be the light or electronic interconnection terminal of the telecommunications equipment installed in the building by local Internet service provider.The responsibility dividing point mentioned previously is as shown in attached chart 1, attached chart 2, attached chart 3 and attached chart 4. Attached chart.doc 
