Article 1
These regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 4, Article 33 of the Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Ports. Article 2
Personnel, vehicles and articles entering and departing Taichung Free Port （hereinafter referred to as the "Free Port"）shall be allowed for entry and departure with the relevant evidentiary documents and accept inspection by the security guards at the entrance.The certificates mentioned above for personnel and vehicles to enter and depart the Free Port are access permits that are issued and managed by Taichung Harbor Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter referred to as the "Management Authority"). Original harbor passes of Taichung Harbor are also valid if they are not null and void.The certificates mentioned in Paragraph 1 for articles to enter and depart the Free Port are the relevant access clearance papers. Article 3
Access permits can be classified as follows according to their different purposes:1. Long-term access permits for personnel: issued to personnel who often enter and depart the Free Port as required by their work.2. Long-term access permits for vehicles: issued to vehicles that often enter and depart the Free Port as required for work purposes.3. Short-term access permits for personnel: issued to personnel who enter and depart the Free Port within a short time as required for work or construction.4. Short-term access permits for vehicles: issued to vehicles that enter and depart the Free Port within a short period as required for work or construction.5. Temporary access permits for personnel: limited to personnel who temporarily enter and exit the Free Port for irregular business, visit or special purpose.6. Temporary access permits for vehicles: limited to vehicles that temporarily enter and exit the Free Port for irregular business, visit or special purpose. Article 4
The following personnel can apply for a long-term access permit:1. Staff of management authorities of international harbors or free ports; 2. Staff of operating organizations located in the Free Port or port enterprises;3. Other personnel if necessary.The following personnel can apply for a short-term access permit:1. Employees of construction units operating in the Free Port;2. Personnel of companies which have contracts with official organizations, operating institutes or enterprises of the Free Port as required by their work; 3. Other personnel if necessary.All organizations, institutes or enterprises applying for long-term or short-term access permits for personnel should submit the applicants' documents as outlined in the application form provided in Appendices I and II. Appendix I.docAppendix II.doc 
