Article 1
These Regulations are stipulated pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 5, Article 14 of the Shipping Act. Article 2
Carriers shall insure liability insurance before operating.The coverage of liability insurance referred to the preceding paragraph should include following:1.The responsibility to remove shipwrecks and ocean pollution reduction.2.The responsibility to the deaths or injuries of crews or the third parties.3.The responsibility to the damage or loss caused by clashing fixed or unfixed objects, which belong to the properties of the third parties.4.The responsibility to the damage or loss of other ships which caused by collision or other reasons.5.Expenses derived from life-saving.The insured amount to each death referred to the preceding second subsection shall not be less than 2.5 million NT dollars.The minimum insured amount of liability insurance according to an aggregate amount of 162 Special Drawing Rights (SDR) as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for each ton of the ship's registered gross tonnage (GRT). If ship’s registered GRT less than 400, the minimum insured amount shall be calculated based on 400 GRT. Article 3
Carriers shall provide the contract of liability insurance for shipping administration for future reference within 30 days before operating. However, carriers which have joined P&I club may provide the Certificate of Entry to shipping administration for future reference. Article 4
Carriers which operate passenger transportation shall insure passenger accident insurance before operating.The benefits payable of passenger accident insurance and it’s minimum insured amount referred to the preceding paragraph are:1.Personal injury medical expense benefits: 300,000 NT dollars for each passenger.2.Disability benefits: 2.5 million NT dollars for each passenger.3.Death benefits: 2.5 million NT dollars for each passenger.The insured amount referred to the preceding paragraph shall be shown on passenger’s ticket issued by carriers. Article 5
Carriers shall renew contracts of liability insurance and passenger accident insurance before insurance duration expires. Aforementioned insurance contracts or renewal documents shall be provided to shipping administration for future reference within 30 days before contract expires. Article 6
The carriers, already in operating before these Regulations take effect, shall provide the contracts of liability insurance and passenger accident insurance or its renewed insurance documents for shipping administration for future reference within 30 days after these Regulations take effect. Article 7
The enforcement date of these Regulations shall be announced by the competent authority. 
