Article 1
These Regulations are promulgated in accordance with Paragraph 6, Article 20-1 of the Telecommunications Act (hereinafter referred to as “this Act”). Article 2
The Competent Authority, as referred to in these Regulations, is the National Communications Commission. Article 3
The terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Operator: refers to carriers that have been granted concessions or permissions and licenses of Type I telecommunications carriers or Type II telecommunications carriers by the Competent Authority.2. Planner: refers to those that have obtained Establishment Approvals for Type I telecommunications enterprises issued by the Competent Authority but have not obtained concessions licenses.3. Telecommunications number: refers to the ID codes, subscriber numbers and numbering code required to sustain normal operations of the public telecommunications network, including communications, identification, exchange and control.4. ID code: refers to the telecommunications number used in the public telecommunications network for identifying the network, routing or services.5. Subscriber number: refers to the telecommunications number used to provider subscribers with telecommunications services.6. Numbering code: refers to the number used to control the public telecommunications network routing and exchange information.7. Golden Number: refers to subscriber numbers that have a certain array, special signification, or that are especially memorable.8. Commissioned Administrator: refers to institutions (organizations) commissioned by the Competent Authority to conduct administrative related works, such as the approval of, adjustment to and recycling of telecommunications numbers. Article 4
The subscriber numbers, ID codes and signaling point codes of numbering code used by the planners or operators shall be allotted by the Competent Authority or Commissioned Administrators. The same conditions shall be applied to relevant amendments.Prior to the use of numbering code, the planners or operators shall notify the Competent Authority, except in the case of signaling point codes. The same conditions shall be applied to relevant amendments. Article 5
Upon obtaining the system or network approval certificate, planners shall apply to the Competent Authority or Commissioned Administrators for allocation of subscriber numbers, submitting the following documents:1. A completed application form for telecommunications numbers;2. A photocopy of the system or network approval certificate;3. Telecommunications numbers utilization plan (including subscribers’ growth prediction data, network structure connection map, and system capacity construction data);4. Other data designated by the Competent Authority.Upon obtaining the system or network approval certificate, planners shall apply to the Competent Authority or Commissioned Administrators for allocation of ID codes or signaling point codes with the following documents:1. A completed application form for telecommunications numbers;2. A photocopy of the system or network approval certificate;3. Telecommunications numbers utilization plan (including the location and signal transmitting methods of interface point; network structure connection map; and system capacity construction data);4. Other data designated by the Competent Authority.Prior to obtaining a system or network approval certificate, planners may apply to the Competent Authority or commissioned administrators for telecommunication numbers required for testing the public telecommunications network system. The validity of testing telecommunications numbers shall not exceed the expiry of establishment approval or permit and shall become invalid after obtaining the system or network approval certificate. Article 6
When applying for the allocation of subscriber numbers, Type I telecommunications enterprises shall submit the following documents to the Competent Authority or commissioned administrators:1. A completed application form for telecommunications numbers;2. A photocopy of concessions licenses;3. Telecommunications numbers utilization plan (including subscribers’ growth prediction data, network structure connection map, and system capacity construction data);4. Data on number of subscribers5. Other data designated by the Competent Authority.When applying for the allocation of ID codes or signaling point codes, Type I telecommunications enterprises shall submit the following documents to the Competent Authority or commissioned administrators:1. A completed application form for telecommunications numbers;2. A photocopy of concessions licenses;3. Telecommunications numbers utilization plan (including the location and signal transmitting methods of interface point; network structure connection map; and system capacity construction data);4. Other data designated by the Competent Authority. Article 7
Type II telecommunications enterprises shall obtain telecommunications numbers in accordance with the following rules:1. Paragraph 2 of the preceding Article is applicable to the call-by-call selection network ID codes and signaling point codes of Voice Simple Resale Service operators;2. Mobile Virtual Network Service operators shall lease mobile network codes or subscriber numbers by cooperating with Mobile Network Business Operators;3. Subscriber numbers of E.164 internet telephony service operators shall be leased from Type I telecommunications enterprises that operate E.164 internet telephony services; however, Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article is applicable to applicants whose paid-in capital is over five hundred million New Taiwan dollars;4. Paragraph 2 of the preceding Article is applicable to signaling point codes of E.164 Internet Telephony Service operators.For the purpose of network testing, planners of E.164 internet telephony services shall apply to the Competent Authority or commissioned administrators for the allocation of testing telecommunications numbers, upon obtaining the approval of E.164 internet telephony services. The said number shall be valid until the expiry of the said approval. Article 8
The Competent Authority’s examination and approval standards for the allocation of telecommunications numbers shall adhere to the annex. Annex Examination and Allocation Standards for Telecommunications Numbers.pdf 
