Article 1
These regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 4, Article 33 of the Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Ports. Article 2
Personnel, vehicles and articles entering and departing Keelung Free Port （hereinafter referred to as the “Free Port”）shall be allowed for entry and departure with the relevant evidentiary documents and accept inspection by the security guards at the entrance.The certificates mentioned above for personnel and vehicles to enter and depart the Free Port are access permits that are issued and managed by Keelung Harbor Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter referred to as the “Management Authority”). Original harbor passes of Keelung Harbor are also valid if they are not null and void.The certificates mentioned in Paragraph 1 for articles to enter and depart the Free Port are the relevant access clearance papers. Article 3
Access permits can be classified as follows according to their different purposes:1. Long-term access permits for personnel: issued to personnel who often enter and depart the Free Port as required by their work.2. Long-term access permits for vehicles: issued to vehicles that often enter and depart the Free Port as required for work purposes.3. Short-term access permits for personnel: issued to personnel who enter and depart the Free Port within a short time as required for work or construction.4. Short-term access permits for vehicles: issued to vehicles that enter and depart the Free Port within a short period as required for work or construction.5. Temporary access permits for personnel: only issued to personnel who occasionally enter and depart the Free Port in the event of any visit or special circumstances.6. Temporary access permits for vehicles: only issued to vehicles that occasionally enter and depart the Free Port in the event of any visit or accident. Article 4
The following personnel can apply for a long-term access permit:1. Staff of management authorities of international harbors or free ports; 2. Staff of operating organizations located in the Free Port or port enterprises;3. Other personnel if necessary.The following personnel can apply for a short-term access permit:1. Employees of construction units operating in the Free Port;2. Personnel of companies which have contracts with official organizations, operating institutes or enterprises of the Free Port as required by their work; 3. Other personnel if necessary.All organizations, institutes or enterprises applying for long-term or short-term access permits for personnel should submit the applicants’ documents as outlined in the application form provided in Appendices I and II. Article 5
Different inspection methods are applied to certain personnel and vehicles as follows:1. In-service crews should produce their seaman’s service books or short passes and accept inspection by the security guards at the entrance; 2. Personnel who inspect vessels, entering and departing of cargos in the Free Port or who are the staffs of organizations located in the Free Port should produce their service ID cards and accept inspection by the security guards at the entrance; 3. Staff and vehicles of military organizations in the Free Port should produce their passes when entering and departing the Free Port and give the name of the place where they are stationed to the security guards at the entrance and also accept their inspection; and the passes for using military supplies handling places shall be issued in accordance with military regulations.4. Vehicles marked with signs, stating their purpose is to inspect vessels and cargos entering and departing the Free Port or that they are affiliated to organizations located in the Free Port, can enter and depart the Free Port when they perform their official duties, but the passengers should produce their employee cards or service ID cards of the organizations to which they belong and accept inspection by the security guards at the entrance. Article 6
All organizations, institutes or enterprises that apply for long-term or short-term access permits for vehicles should submit an application form as provided in Appendices III and IV, photocopies of motor licenses and other necessary documents. Article 7
A valid period must be noted in long-term and short-term access permits.The period mentioned in the previous paragraph shall be decided by the organizations or enterprises applying. Not more than 6 months will be allowed to a short-term access permit and not more than 5 years to a long-term access permit. The period will be reduced depending on the nature of entry or departure of the port. Article 8
Procedures for applying for temporary access permits are as follows:1. Temporary access permits for personnel: The official organizations of the Free Port, operating institutes or enterprises shall fill in application forms as provided in Appendix V to apply for temporary access permits for personnel and return the permits when they depart.2. Temporary access permits for vehicles: The official organizations of the Free Port, operating institutes or enterprises shall fill in application forms as provided in Appendix VI to apply for temporary access permits for vehicles and return the access permits when they depart.If an access permit is lost, the applicant shall not depart the Free Port until he or she submits a guarantee to the official organizations, operating institutes or enterprises and obtains a loss certificate as provided in Appendix VII. Such lost access permits shall be invalidated. Article 9
Articles transported in and out the Free Port are subject to inspection by the security guards at the entrance and they must be consistent with the release documents or electronic information. Only articles in agreement with the relevant documents can be taken into and out of the Free Port.Operations of containers entering and departing the Free Port shall be dealt with in accordance with the Regulations Governing Customs Clearance for Goods in Free Ports. The release documents or electronic information mentioned in Paragraph 1 of the same article shall be retained by the management authority for one year. Article 10
If a long-term or short-term access permit is lost, the organizations or enterprises, which the access permit holders are employed by, should provide a certificate as outlined in Appendices VIII and IX, after which the person who lost the document can reapply for an access permit. Article 11
The organizations or enterprises, the long-term or short-term access permit holders were originally employed by, should take back access permits when holders are dismissed or resign and send them to the Keelung Harbor Police Office. Any access permit that is not returned after the holder has been reminded should be invalidated. Article 12
Long-term or short-term access permit holders should apply to exchange the access permit on their own initiative if the access permit is smudged or otherwise unrecognizable and turn in the original. Article 13
No one is permitted to reside in the Free Port except for persons that apply for a residence permit in accordance with the following provisions:1. Organizations or enterprises should fill in an application form as provided in Appendix X for their necessary administrative personnel, security guards and personnel on duty and send it to the management authority for approval.2. The application forms as provided in Appendices V, II and X for business personnel who need to reside in the Free Port, shall be filled in by the Free Port enterprises and relevant documents and identifications shall be sent to the management authority for approval.3. For others who need to reside in the Free Port as required by their work or for other valid reasons such as the maintenance of safety, the relevant organizations or enterprises should fill in an application form as provided in Appendix X and send it to the management authority for approval. Article 14
If the personnel mentioned in Article 13 are from foreign countries, Mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau, the following documents are also required:1. Passport or Travel Documents; 2. Alien Resident Certificate or Certificate for Persons Without Residences; 3. Other documentary evidence as requested by the official organizations, operating institutes or enterprises in the Free Port. Article 15
In the event any of the following circumstances occurs, the long-term or short-term access permit will be invalidated and will not be reissued within six months: where the holder1. Is in custody and under investigation for possible crimes; 2. Forges a long-term, short-term or temporary access permit; 3. Lends a long-term or short-term access permit to others; or4. Smuggles prohibited products and there is valid evidence of this; 5. Severely obstructs the actions of officers Article 16
Applicants should pay the processing fees when they apply for issuing, reissuing or exchanging of long-term or short-term access permits for personnel or vehicles. The fee should be charged in accordance with the Fee Schedule in Keelung Free Port . Article 17
These regulations shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
