Chapter 1 General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are promulgated pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 46 of the Telecommunications Act (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”).Article 2　 The National Communications Commission (NCC) is the competent authority of the Regulations.Article 3　 The terms in the Regulations are defined as follows:1. Mobile communications: communications that use radio terminal equipment via the mobile communications network.2. Mobile communications system: the communications system composed of equipment such as mobile communications switches, mobile stations, base stations, network and accounting administration equipment.3. Mobile communications network: the communications network composed of the mobile communications system and telecommunications machines and lines.4. Mobile communications network business: the business announced by the Executive Yuan in accordance with Paragraph 6, Article 12 of the Act.5. Mobile station: the radio terminal equipment used for the mobile communications network businesses.6. Base station: the equipment established on the land with radio communications links used to communicate among mobile stations or between mobile stations and non-mobile communications business users.7. Winning bidder: shall be recognized by the provisions of the regulations according to the mobile communications network business of Subparagraph 4.8. Service provider: the entity which the NCC has granted the right to engage in the business.9. Subscriber: a user who registers or enters a contract with a service provider to use the business provided by the service provider.10. Outdoor base station (OBS): the antennas primarily for subscribers to access outdoors.11. Indoor base stations (IBS): the antennas primarily for subscribers to access indoors.12. Femtocell access point (FAP): a low-power wireless device, operating in a business spectrum and connecting to mobile communications switches via a subscriber broadband modem, which is used for mobile station access.13. Important public construction: refers to high speed rail, railway, mass rapid transit, freeways, highways, airports, harbors, tunnels, or other public constructions used by the public with a certain scale and with the verification of other authorities.14. Effective isotropically radiated power (EIRP): the product of the net RF power of every carrier wave from an emitter transferred to the antenna and the antenna gain.15. Co-site: base stations established at the same site by service providers.16. Co-antenna: base stations established by service providers by using the same antenna or sparing ports and machinery space.Chapter 2 Base station establishmentArticle 4　 A winning bidder or a service provider shall not install any base station without an installation permit and shall not utilize it without a radio station license before examinations to be qualified. However, the winning bidder or the service provider can install a base station before acquiring the installation permit exclusively for the purpose of coordinating with the establishment of Important Public Construction after submitting the consent documents issued by the authorities of the Important Public Construction or Buildings to the NCC and obtain the special case approval from the NCC.The winning bidder or the service provider may divert their own approved experimental mobile businesses network base stations, or approved experimental base stations transferred from other experimental mobile network administrators as a part of their own network system. The diverted facilities on the same site may not be demolished.Once the winning bidder or the service provider has been approved to divert its own base stations, or those transferred from other mobile business service providers as part of its own network, a copy of the approval letter issued by the NCC, as well as the affidavit for the installation of the base station referred to in Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1 of Article 5, shall be submitted. The diversion shall accord with the following procedures:1. For the diversion of a base station with an installation permit prior to obtaining a radio station license, the installation permit should be submitted to be changed, and the valid period of the installation permit shall be renewed.2. For the diversion of a base station with radio station license, the radio station license shall be submitted to be changed; the station shall be exempt from examination, and the valid period of radio station license will be renewed.Article 5　 The winning bidder or the service provider shall submit the following documents to the NCC to apply for the OBS or IBS installation permits:1. The application forms of the radio station installation and relevant information of specification.2. Affidavit for the radio station installation of the mobile business.According to the proviso of Paragraph 1, Article 4, through the approval by the NCC, the winning bidder or the service provider shall submit the documents in the Paragraph 1 of this Article as well as the copy of the certificates approved by the NCC.The winning bidder or the service provider applying for a new OBS installation permit shall submit the list and the plan and elevation view of the base station installation to notice the local government of the site.If the winning bidder or the service provider failed to follow in the requirements of the affidavit, the NCC can revoke the installation permit. If there is any change or alternation to the affidavit, the winning bidder or the service provider shall submit another affidavit and report to the NCC for reference.If the winning bidder or the service provider applies for the OBS installation, the NCC shall issue the installation permit after a qualified examination. However, the NCC can survey the sites as needed and the winning bidders and service providers cannot reject the survey.If the winning bidder or the service provider applies for the IBS installation, the NCC shall issue the installation permit after a qualified examination.When the base stations installation involves structural safety and rights of using the buildings or location of the base stations, the winning bidder or the service provider shall comply with the relevant regulations of construction management and acquire related approval from the competent authorities.Article 6　 The valid period of the base station installation permit is one year. If the winning bidders or service operators cannot complete the installation in the time limit, an explanation shall be submitted to the NCC for the application for extension within one month during the last two months before the deadline. The extension cannot exceed six months and can be applied for once only.During the installation of the base station, the base station shall not emit radio waves unless the winning bidder or the service provider applies to the NCC for a short-term test or that the NCC undergoes the on-site technical inspection. The duration of the short-term test cannot exceed five days.Article 7　 After the OBS or IBS installation is completed, the winning bidders or service providers shall submit the following documents to the NCC to apply for the OBS or IBS inspection, and the NCC shall issue the radio station licenses after a qualified inspection:1. The application forms for radio station licenses.2. Self-assessment report of the base station inspection.The OBS of a single mobile business shall be inspected by sampling according to the attached table 1. If the output power of radio transmitters are all below 1 watt, the OBS shall be inspected by sampling according to the attached table 2.The IBS of a single mobile business shall be inspected by sampling according to the attached table 2.When the municipal government, the city or county government, or another competent authority affirms the winning bidder or the service provider cannot install the base station in conformity with a law and inform the NCC by mail, the NCC can revoke the installation permits or rescind the radio station licenses.Attachment 1：Inspection Sampling Table I.docAttachment 2：Inspection Sampling Table Ⅱ.doc
