Chapter One General PrinciplesArticle 1　 The regulations hereof are being established as mandated by Article 48 of the Postal Act (hereinafter called this Act).Article 2　 “Mail items,” as mentioned in the regulations hereofrefers to letters, postcards, aerogrammes and letter sheets, newspapers, magazines, printed papers, literature for the blind, small packets, parcels or any other documents or materials that are handed over to Chunghwa Post Co., Ltd. (hereinafter called Chunghwa Post) for delivery, including those that are processed electronically or by other methods. Apart from parcels, all other mail items are referred to as “letter-post items.”Article 3　 Chunghwa Post shall not provide proof of the contents of any mail items with the exception of legal attest letters, for which an identical copy will be filed at the sender’s post office branch.Chapter Two Categories and Postage of Mail ItemsArticle 4　 Unless otherwise stipulated, the word “letter” refers to a mail item for which all or part is of a correspondence nature. A “correspondence nature” as mentioned above refers to a document being sent with the intent of conveying meanings, ideas or facts from the sender to a specific person.Article 5　 “Postcard” refers to a piece of rectangular paper, which can be written on directly and posted without an envelope. The paper used should be smooth, without any projections. The card can either have a horizontal or a vertical orientation. Apart from Chunghwa Post, anyone, when printing postcards, shall follow the three requirements mentioned above as well as use only certain kinds of paper and adhere to other specifications as mandated by Chunghwa Post. Postcards published by anyone other than Chunghwa Post may not bear such expressions as “R.O.C. Postal Administration” in any language or bear postage stamp imprints or similar patterns. When a postcard printed by someone other than Chunghwa Post does not meet the specifications or use the kind of paper mandated by Chunghwa Post, the letter postage rate shall apply.Article 6　 If the surface of a postcard is not smooth because of any glued attachments or projecting parts, the postcard shall be enclosed in an envelope and posted as a letter. In the case of a piece of paper folded into something resembling a postcard, unless it complies with the specifications for aerogrammes or letter sheets, it shall be posted as a letter.Article 7　 The term “aerogrammes and letter sheets” refers to pieces of paper issued by Chunghwa Post that are folded into envelopes and sealed on all sides for mailing, with postage printed on the cover and a blank space inside for the sender to write messages on. Aerogrammes are used for international airmail and letter sheets are used for domestic mail.Article 8　 If a letter sheet contains any extra objects, the Chinese wording for letter sheet on the cover should be crossed off and it should be posted as a letter instead. If an aerogramme contains any extra objects and is therefore returned to the sender for collection of the difference in postage between an aerogramme and a letter, then the words for aerogramme on the cover, whether printed in Chinese or any other languages commonly used in international mail, should be crossed off and the item posted as an airmail letter instead. When it can not be returned to the sender, the words for aerogramme on the cover, whether printed in Chinese or any other languages commonly used in international mail, should be crossed off, and the item should be delivered by means of surface transportation.Article 9　 Anyone with the approval of Chunghwa Post who, whether for private use or sale, prints aerogrammes and/or letter sheets without postage paid symbols in accordance with the requirements mandated by Chunghwa Post (regarding paper size, specifications, words on the cover, and so forth) should print their permit number at the appointed location on the back. At the time of posting such an aerogramme or letter sheet, the postage rate for aerogrammes and letter sheets shall apply and be paid in full; in the event the item of mail contains any extra objects, it should be handled in accordance with the preceding article.Article 10 　 Domestic periodicals, when meeting the following requirements, may be registered with Chunghwa Post and posted as newspapers or magazines after approval:1. Periodicals that report or comment on politics, economics, science, culture or other issues that relate to the public welfare.2. Official bulletins or government policy promotion materials published by the government or advocacy groups. The term “newspapers,” as mentioned in the preceding paragraph hereof, refers to periodicals issued daily or within every six days; magazines refer to periodicals that are issued at set intervals ranging from every seven days to every three months. If a periodical as mentioned in the first paragraph hereof is concluded by Chunghwa Post to be a commercial advertisement or promotion, or to be a company’s promotion for its own business operations or a specific person, then the said periodical may not be posted as a newspaper or magazine.Article 11 　 “Printed paper” refers to a document printed by the sender on paper or other printable materials that is not a letter, a postcard or other document of correspondence nature. In the event that personal notations over or alongside the printed material or on the cover are copious enough to make it an item of mail correspondence, then the mail item should be posted as a letter.Article 12 　 “Literature for the blind” refers to documents impressed in Braille or similar raised type and on which the cover specifies “literature for the blind.” Tapes, recordings and special writing paper intended solely for the use of the blind that are posted by or sent to a government registered school for the blind should be treated as literature for the blind.Article 13 　 “Small packet” refers to a mail item that is under a certain weight and is delivered like a letter-post item. Documents or reports that are not of correspondence nature may be posted as small packets.Article 14 　 All materials that can be mailed, apart from contraband or mail items that do not meet the stated specifications of Chunghwa Post, may be posted as parcels. Documents or reports that are not of a correspondence nature may be posted as parcels.Article 15 　 Chunghwa Post is not liable for any claims regarding undeliverable parcels that perish while Chunghwa Post makes inquiries about what to do with them. An undeliverable parcel should be disposed of in accordance with the regulations regarding undelivered mail if the sender instructs to abandon.Article 16 　 In the case that the contents of a parcel are found to be perishable while being handled by Chunghwa Post, Chunghwa Post may, for the benefit of the sender, sell the contents of the parcel at once without notifying the sender or going through any other procedures first. If the contents cannot be sold or are not saleable, Chunghwa Post may destroy the said parcel. Any parcel that is sold or destroyed by Chunghwa Post should be photographed and/or any other appropriate evidence should also be kept for future reference. Chunghwa Post shall notify the sender to collect the proceeds, after various fees have been deducted, for the sale of the above-mentioned parcel.Article 17 　 “Electronic mail” refers to mail that is sent via the Internet to the electronic post office by a sender who has an electronic mail account with the post office that is subsequently printed out as hard copy by the post office and delivered to the addressee.Article 18 　 At the time of mailing, all postage should be paid in full according to the mail item’s category; postage rates should be calculated in accordance with relevant rate charts. For bulk mailings, the sender may enjoy a discounted rate if all mail items have their zip codes written on the cover and have been presorted into different bundles based on their zip codes in accordance with regulations set out by Chunghwa Post. Where special handling as stipulated in Chapter Three hereof is required, additional special handling fees shall apply.Article 19 　 Postage stamps or other postage paid symbols shall be neatly affixed on the cover of a mail item without overlapping; any postage stamps or other postage paid symbols that are totally or partially covered shall become invalid.Article 20 　 Mail items with postage stamps or other postage paid symbols that have been cut, pasted together, scratched, pasted over, or that were used and washed shall not be delivered.Article 21 　 Postage paid symbols printed on postcards, aerogrammes or letter sheets, or special envelopes shall become invalid once they are cut out.Chapter Three Special Handling of Mail ItemsArticle 22 　 The term “airmail” refers to a mail item with postage paid based on the airmail rate and transported via airplane.Article 23 　 The term “prompt delivery mail” refers to a mail item that is delivered within a time limit with the payment of an extra charge.Article 24 　 When prompt delivery mail is delivered to a post office box or bag leased to the addressee, the date and time of delivery shall be the date and time it is dropped into the post office box or bag.Article 25 　 When prompt delivery mail is not delivered on time and it is determined after investigation that the post office is at fault, then the post office branch of origination or destination shall refund the total postage paid—save for the value-declared fee and insurance fee—upon presentation of the cover of the mail.Article 26 　 “Special delivery” refers to an international mail item, which, at the request of the sender, enjoys preferential handling by the postal services of the destination country and is given to a special courier to deliver as soon as possible.Article 27 　 “Express mail” refers to mail items sent between designated domestic areas or with the agreement of a foreign postal administration between the R.O.C. and designated post office branches in the said nation that enjoy the most preferential handling so as to be delivered to the addressee as fast as possible and within an agreed-upon time limit. When express mail is not delivered on time and after investigation it is determined that the post office is at fault, the post office branch of origination or destination shall refund the postage paid save for the value-declared fee and insurance fee upon seeing the proof of mailing or the cover of the mailed item. The refund shall be paid out as follows:1. Domestic express mail: the total postage paid.2. International express mail: half the total postage paid.Article 28 　 “Registered letter-post item” refers to a letter-post item that bears an expression that means “Registered Mail” on the cover which is submitted to a post office branch or Chunghwa Post for delivery, for which the sender receives proof of mailing and pays an extra registered mail fee.Article 29 　 For an international registered letter-post item, the sender may request to restrict the delivery to the addressee in person. Apart from paying a restricted delivery fee, the cover of the mail should bear an expression, either in French or English (which are both commonly used for international mail), that means “to the addressee only” on the cover of the mail item.Article 30 　 The term “value-declared mail,” which applies to value-declared letter-post items and parcels, refers to a registered letter-post item or parcel sent within the nation whose value has been declared with an extra value-declared fee having been paid by the sender. The term “insured mail,” including insured letter-post items and parcels, refers to a registered letter-post item or parcel that has been insured with an extra insurance fee having been paid by the sender.Article 31 　 The declared value of a value-declared mail or the insured amount of an insured mail may not exceed the actual value of the documents or materials contained in the item of mail. If the declared value or the insured amount as mentioned above exceeds the actual value of the documents or materials that are the contents of the mail, claims may not be initiated if there is any damage or loss of the mail.Article 32 　 The term “cash on delivery (COD)” refers to a service that allows the postal service to collect payment for merchandise from its recipient at the time of delivery for an extra COD fee. This service is only available for mail items sent value-declared or insured within the limit set by Chunghwa Post.Article 33 　 The term “business reply mail” refers to stamp-less envelopes, postcards and questionnaires sent out in direct mailings by the addressee, as well as reply cards or stickers printed in newspapers or magazines, for which a postage and handling fee is collected from the addressee based on the number of such items mailed.Article 34 　 “Legal attest letter” refers to a letter written out in a format determined by Chunghwa Post with an identical copy left with the post office as proof, which is registered and for which an extra legal attest letter fee is paid by the sender at the time of mailing. The copy filed at the post office should be kept for three years from the date of mailing and then destroyed.Chapter Four MailingArticle 35 　 Mail items shall be posted by bringing them to post office branches, authorized agents of Chunghwa Post or mail receptacles in accordance with regulations.Article 36 　 At the time of posting an item of registered mail, the sender may pay a fee (designated in rate charts) to receive an acknowledgement-of-receipt. This acknowledgement-of-receipt is filled out by the sender with the form supplied by the post office at the time of mailing and later returned to the sender after having been signed by the recipient. If the delivery post office confirms clearly in writing that it has delivered the item, then that shall be deemed as the equivalent of having been signed by the recipient.Article 37 　 The following documents or materials are forbidden in the mail: 1. Items that, due to their nature or the manner in which they are packed, may be harmful to postal employees or may soil or damage items of mail or postal equipment. 2. Metal fasteners used to seal items of mail with sharp edges that could cause difficulties in the processing of mail.3. Flammable, explosive or other dangerous materials. Exceptions are perishable biological substances with special packaging sent between government-registered organizations with special transportation permission issued by competent authorities.4. Live animals—apart from bees, silkworms, leeches, parasites or beneficial insects sent between government-registered organizations or parcels sent to Japan containing harmless earthworms without soil.5. Radioactive materials.6. Opium, morphine and other narcotics. Exceptions include insured or value-declared parcels sent by those that hold special transportation permission from competent authorities or those who provide statements in writing from judicial organs or judicial police institutions proving that these articles are being sent between such domestic bodies to be used as evidence in judicial proceedings; as well as packages that are sent abroad in the form of insured parcels to be used in medicine or scientific research for which the approval of the country of destination has been obtained.7. Documents or materials that are obscene or immoral in character. Exceptions include registered letter-post items or parcels sent by those providing statements in writing from judicial organs or judicial police institutions proving that these articles are being sent between such bodies to be used as evidence in judicial proceedings.8. Documents or materials that are prohibited for importation or circulation in the country of destination.9. Documents or materials that are prohibited to be sold and manufactured by the government. Exceptions are those sent as registered letter-post items or parcels by those providing statements in writing from judicial organs or judicial police institutions proving that the items are being sent between such bodies to be used as evidence in judicial proceedings.10. Lottery tickets and flyers related to lottery tickets. Exceptions are those sent in registered letter-post items or parcels that have been issued with a government permit or those that have been issued without a government permit but are to be used as evidence in judicial proceedings and are being sent between judicial organs or judicial police institutions.11. Other contraband stipulated by law.Article 38 　 Documents or materials listed in the preceding article hereof found in the course of handling and transporting mail shall be disposed of as follows:1. Materials as described in subparagraphs 1 and 2 found in the post office of origin shall be returned to the sender. In the case that they are found during transmission, the said materials shall be repackaged and returned to the sender or forwarded to the addressee. The repackaging fee incurred shall be paid by the sender or the addressee. 2. Materials as described in subparagraph 4 shall be returned to the sender. If they have been sent from abroad, they shall be returned to the post office of origin.3. Documents or materials as described in subparagraphs 3, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10 and 11 shall be delivered to the competent authorities.4. Documents or materials as described in subparagraph 8 shall be delivered to competent authorities or returned to the sender.Article 39 　 At the time of posting or delivery, should the post office conclude that the item of mail contains any documents or materials prohibited to be mailed, coins or other people’s mail, the post office may ask the sender or the recipient to open the mail for inspection. If the request is refused, the post office may refuse to accept for delivery or to deliver the item of mail. During inspection, post office staff may not read the contents of the letter.Article 40 　 In the event that a mail item contains any documents or materials prohibited to be mailed, or is not posted in accordance with regulations and consequently causes damage to other mail items, the post office may file a claim against the sender. Although the mail item has been accepted for delivery by the post office, the sender is still liable.Article 41 　 With regard to banknotes, coins, gold or silver bullion, gold or sliver utensils, precious stones and jewelry, only those permitted by law can be mailed.Chapter Five The Transmission of MailArticle 42 　 Mail items shall be transmitted by surface transport or air transport depending on the postage paid. After an airmail item is posted for delivery, should it fail to be transmitted by air due to reasons that are not Chunghwa Post’s fault, Chunghwa Post may send the mail item via another fast method and the airmail postage paid shall not be refunded.Article 43 　 There are two kinds of mail delivery zones: (1) zones where delivery is made to the address, and (2) zones where delivery may be made somewhere else.Article 44 　 When the delivery address of any value-declared parcel, insured mail, COD mail or printed paper falls in a delivery-to-address zone, the post office shall deliver mail to the delivery address. However, if a mail item’s declared-value, insured amount or COD amount reaches a limit announced by Chunghwa Post, or a total of over five kilograms of printed papers is addressed to a single addressee within a single day, Chunghwa Post may notify the addressee for a pick up. The mail items mentioned above will only be submitted to the addressee after all payment due is paid, such as COD payment, customs duties, etc.Article 45 　 Mail items that are going to be transported by a ship anchoring in the harbor or by its crew shall be handed over directly to the ship. When this cannot be done, Chunghwa Post may hand over the mail items to the organization or the company that owns the ship.Article 46 　 Mail items that are going to be transported by either a domestic or a foreign warship anchoring in the harbor shall be delivered to an address designated by the ship’s captain. For mail items that are going to be transported by a foreign warship and a delivery address is not designated, Chunghwa Post may deliver to its embassy or to an address designated by the embassy.Article 47 　 When a mail item is addressed to or addressed care of an institution, school, company, store, organization, office, etc. (hereinafter called institution or organization) or its person-in-charge, its employees or residents, then delivery shall be made to the address of the institution or organization. When a branch office of an institution shares premises with its headquarters, mail items addressed to the branch office may be delivered to its headquarters. When a mail item is addressed to an institution, the mail item may be delivered to the mail distribution desk or mailing center of the institution. In the event that the mail distribution desk or mailing center refuses to accept an item of registered mail, Chunghwa Post may notify the addressee to pick it up at the post office.Article 48 　 Registered mail should be delivered to the addressee, the addressee’s agent, or a member of the addressee’s family that lives at the same address, or the mail distribution desk, doorman or mailing center of the delivery address.Article 49 　 For addresses in any of the following areas, Chunghwa Post may choose not to make deliveries to the delivery addresses after a public announcement:1.Deep in the mountains.2.Lone islands.3.Down narrow, winding trails over two kilometers in length that are not on regular delivery routes.4.Residences or communities located in remote areas that on average receive less than 40 items of mail a month.5.Other areas difficult to make deliveries to as a result of inconvenient transportation as determined by Chunghwa Post. When there are concerns about domestic animals at a delivery address attacking mail carriers, and the customers at the delivery address have been informed but no improvements have been made to ameliorate the situation, Chunghwa Post may choose not to make deliveries to that delivery address and issue a public announcement to that effect.Chunghwa Post shall determine how and where to deliver mail addressed to any of the aforementioned areas and make a public announcement to that effect.Article 50 　 Any registered mail that could not reach the addressee after attempted deliveries to the delivery address and any registered mail where the addressee has been notified to make a pick up in accordance with regulations shall be conveyed to a designated post office branch for claiming. The above-mentioned mail items, if not claimed, shall be returned to the senders after a period of 15 days starting from the day after posting for claim. Mail items as described in paragraph 2 of Article 24 of this Act shall be handled in accordance with the preceding paragraph hereof. At the time of collecting a non-registered mail item, the claimant shall present the notice for claims at the designated post office branch. Chunghwa Post may ask to see ID when necessary.Article 51 　 Chunghwa Post may notify the recipient to pick up parcels in the case of any of the following:1. When the wrapping of the parcel is damaged and it is necessary to open it for inspection with the recipient present.2. When the declared-value, insured amount or COD payment of the parcel reaches a certain amount.3. When the recipient is required for custom clearance, or the custom duty due is over the limit set by Chunghwa Post.4. When there are other fees due.5. When the parcel is over three kilograms and the delivery address is not accessible by car.Article 52 　 When Chunghwa Post contracts others to deliver mail, they must meet the following qualifications:1. When the person entrusted is a natural person, he or she has to be over 20 years in age, healthy and with a junior high school degree.2. When the person entrusted is a juristic body, its line of business must be staffing, forwarding, or air cargo.3. When the person entrusted is a postal agency, the agency’s manager shall meet the qualifications set forth in subparagraph 1 hereof and the postal agency should be located in an institution, school, company, store or other location that the public can go in and out of freely.Article 53 　 In the event that the address of an addressee or the addressee’s agent has changed, mail items shall be delivered to the new address. Where the new address is in the same delivery zone, it is called redelivered; where the new address is outside the original delivery zone and hence the mail has to be forwarded to another post office branch for delivery, it is called redirected.Article 54 　 “Postage due mail” refers to a mail item for which postage was not paid or was insufficient. Unless otherwise stipulated, the postage due and accrued postage due charge shall be collected from the addressee.Article 55 　 Postage due mail shall not be delivered before the postage due and the accrued postage due charge is fully paid. In the event that the mail item is returned to the post office of origination because the addressee refuses to pay the postage due and the accrued postage due charge or because it is undeliverable, the postage due and accrued postage due charge shall be collected from the sender; should the sender refuse to pay, the mail item shall be disposed of in accordance with regulations governing undelivered mail. When a domestic postage due letter or postcard is returned to the post office branch of origination and the sender has paid the postage due and accrued postage due charges, the sender may apply for redelivery of the letter or postcard.Article 56 　 “Undeliverable mail” refers to a mail item that cannot be delivered to or is refused by the addressee. Domestic undeliverable mail shall be returned to the sender; if the cover of the mail item does not bear the name and address of the sender, it shall be returned to the post office branch of origination unless the sender has specified on the cover that return service is not requested. Undeliverable domestic non-registered newspapers or magazines shall be returned to the origination post office and a notice shall be sent to the sender for payment of accrued charges and pick up at the designated post office branch within 15 days starting the day after the notice has been sent. Mails unclaimed after this period shall be disposed of in accordance with regulations regarding undelivered mails. All undeliverable international mails, with or without the name and address of the sender on the cover, shall be returned to the country of origin. However, any postcard that doesn’t bear the name and address of the sender and any non-registered printed paper that does not specify a request for return service in a language used in the country of destination shall not be returned to the country of origin and shall be treated as undelivered mail. Undeliverable domestic and international parcels should be handled in accordance with the instructions, if any, given by the senders on the parcels’ mailing forms.Article 57 　 The following mail items that have been delivered may not be handed over to the post office for return: 1. Letter-post items which appear to have been opened. 2. Value-declared or insured mail. 3. Parcels.Article 58 　 Any undeliverable mail or any mail for which delivery is prohibited by law that cannot be returned to the sender shall be posted for claim for one month. Any mail that is not claimed after one month shall be treated as undelivered mail. If the sender has instructed to abandon or has specified no return service in case of non-delivery, the mail shall be treated as undelivered mail.Article 59 　 Undelivered items of mail shall be opened for inspection and disposed of by a post office branch designated by Chunghwa Post. When the address of the sender can be obtained, the mail shall be put into a special envelope and returned to the sender; when it cannot be returned to the sender, it shall be disposed of according to the following guidelines:1. In the event that the documents or materials inside are of no value or not saleable, the mail item shall be destroyed one month after it has been posted for claim, starting from the mailing date. If the contents of an item of mail are perishable, the post office may destroy them at any time it chooses.2. In the event that the documents or materials inside are of value or saleable, and the mail item has been held by the post office for three years starting from the date of mailing and it has not been claimed, it shall be sold. In case the contents are perishable, they may be sold first and the proceeds shall be withheld for three years starting from the date of mailing. With regard to any mail that is returned to the sender as mentioned in the preceding paragraph hereof, if it bears insufficient postage or requires an extra fee in accordance with regulations, the amount due shall be collected when the mail is returned to the sender.Chapter Six Inquiries about Mail and CompensationArticle 60 　 For domestic mail, inquiries can be made within six months from the date of mailing; for international mail, inquiries can be made within six months from the day after the date of mailing. After these time periods, the post office may refuse to answer an inquiry and is not liable for any claims.Article 61 　 Chunghwa Post’s liability ends when a mail item is delivered to the delivery address or is picked up by the addressee in accordance with relevant postal laws, regulations and Chunghwa Post’s regulations governing its business operations.Article 62 　 A claim may not be initiated if the addressee has not stated that there is any damage when picking up a mail item with a notice or a receipt of any kind.Article 63 　 After an inquiry is made, if a mail item is found to be lost, pilfered or damaged and by law compensation should be made, the post office shall make the indemnity payment as soon as possible, which shall be no later than three months from the day after the date of inquiry. For international mail, in the event that a conclusion cannot be reached three months after the inquiry is made, the sender may make a claim for compensation provided that the sender surrenders a written statement indicating that the compensation shall be returned if it is later determined that there were not grounds for compensation.Article 64 　 The amount of compensation per domestic registered letter-post item shall be NT75; for international registered letter-post items, it shall be the equivalent of 30 SDRs (Special Drawing Rights); for registered M bags this compensation shall be the equivalent of 150 SDRs. In the event that value-declared mail or insured mail is totally or partially lost, pilfered or damaged and compensation should be made, the amount of compensation shall be the total or part of the declared value or insured amount. If the mail item is partially lost, the amount of compensation shall be the actual value, which is determined in accordance with the market price of where and when the mail is sent and shall not exceed the amount declared or insured. In the event that the sender voluntarily renounces the two kinds of compensation mentioned above and asks to send an identical domestic letter-post item instead, the postage may be waived.Article 65 　 The amount of compensation for a domestic registered parcel and domestic express mail shall be determined as follows:1. A single parcel whose postage is calculated based on weight:(1) Those that weigh five kilograms or less shall be compensated at no more than NT75.(2) Those that weigh over five kilograms and under 10 kilograms shall be compensated at no more than NT65.(3) Those that weigh over ten kilograms shall be compensated at no more than NT,155.2. A single parcel whose postage is calculated based on its external dimensions:(1) Those whose combined length, width and depth do not exceed 80 centimeters shall be compensated at no more than NT75.(2) Those whose combined length, width and depth are over 80 centimeters and under 100 centimeters shall be compensated at no more than NT65.(3) Those whose combined length, width and depth exceed 100 centimeters shall be compensated at no more than NT,155. For international parcels and international express mail, the compensation amount shall be the equivalent of 40 SDRs a piece plus 4.5 SDRs for every kilogram. In the event that the actual value of the totally or partially lost parcel and express mail as mentioned above is less than the indemnity amount set out hereof, the compensation amount shall be paid in accordance with the actual value; the actual value shall be determined in accordance with the market price where and when the mail was sent.Article 66 　 When international registered letter-post items, parcels and insured mail are lost, pilfered or damaged as a result of force majeure and therefore the sender is not qualified for compensation, the sender may apply for a refund of postage and the various fees paid, with the exception of the insurance fee.Article 67 　 In the case that an insured mail, value-declared or registered parcel is totally lost, stolen or damaged and compensation should be granted, at the time that compensation is made, the postage paid should be refunded as well. However, the insurance fee and value-declared fee should not be refunded. In the event that a COD mail item is totally lost, stolen or damaged and should be compensated, the COD charge should be refunded as well.Article 68 　 At the time that an indemnity is paid, Chunghwa Post shall automatically acquire rights to the mail item from the person (sender, addressee or other) who received the indemnity. These rights are limited to the mail items or portions of mail items for which Chunghwa Post has paid indemnity.Article 69 　 If a mail item is lost, pilfered or damaged, Chunghwa Post should make compensation in accordance with regulations. However, the indirect losses should not be compensated.Chapter Six Inquiries about Mail and CompensationArticle 70 　 Special handling fees and charges as mentioned in the regulations hereof shall be set out by Chunghwa Post and publicly announced.Article 71 　 The regulations herein shall become effective on January 1, 2003.The amendment will become effective on the date of its announcement.
