Chapter I General provisionsArticle 1　 These rules have been formulated in accordance with stipulations set forth under Paragraph 6, Article 14 of the Telecommunications Act (hereinafter referred to as the Law).Article 2　 The terms of these Regulations are defined as follows:I. “Mobile broadband system” refers to an operator utilizing the assigned frequency under Article 7 and adopting mobile communications technology protocols of the International Telecommunication Union to offer mobile communications’ mobile stations, transmission stations, high-speed transmission stations, exchange equipment, transmitter line equipment, networking management equipment, and account management equipment that constitute the communications system.II. “Mobile broadband operation (hereinafter referred to as the Operation)” refers to an operator that has an established mobile broadband system to offer broadband mobile communications service operation.III. “Mobile station” refers to the wireless terminal equipment mobile communications adopt.IV. “Transmission station” refers to equipment installed on land that constitutes a wireless communications network for communication between mobile stations and that between mobile stations and other users.V. “High-speed transmission station” refers to a transmission station equipment that adopts Frequency-Division Duplexing (FDD) and specified at the criterion of 15 MHz bandwidth for both uploads and downloads, and with download speeds capable of reaching 100Mpbs or higher; or equipment that adopts Time Division Duplexing (TDD) and specified at the criterion of 20 MHz bandwidth and with download speeds capable of reaching 100Mpbs or higher.VI. “Operator” refers to a mobile broadband service operator that has obtained a concession license in accordance with the rules.VII. “User” refers to a user who has registered with the operator or signed a contract with the operator to access the mobile broadband service the operator offers.VIII. “Emergency telephone” refers to the telephone system reserved for reporting fire, theft and other emergencies.IX. “Audiovisual content transmission platform” refers to a mobile broadband system’s audiovisual medium interactive interface and audiovisual content storage equipment contained in the operator’s controllable and non-open environment as an interactive platform for the user to derive content.Article 3　 The competent authority of these rules pertains to the National Communications Commission.Article 4　 An operator planning to run operations shall obtain a concession license from the competent authority, and may only begin operations upon being issued the concession license.The competent authority shall announce the commencing and concluding time period of accepting applications to run operations.The bottom price for the operation’s operating frequency concession license shall be announced by the competent authority.The operating region shall pertain to nationwide.The minimum paid-in capital for operators applying to run operations shall be six billion New Taiwan dollars (NT billion).The applicant, when also operating another type-1 telecommunication enterprise business, and said business also has a mandated minimum paid-in capital, shall have its minimum paid-in capital calculated based on the total sum of the mandated minimum paid-in capital for said service following the approval of its inception.Article 5　 An operator with shareholders numbering two hundred individuals or more shall petition with competent government securities authorities for an initial public offering within a three-month period following the registration of its inception or registration of the issuance of new shares.An operator that intends to reduce its capital as voted at its shareholders’ meeting or seeks to engage in conduct specified under Paragraph 1, Article 185 of the Company Act shall voluntarily file the matter with the competent authority within a twenty day-period from the following day the proposal has been voted in favor at its shareholders’ meeting.Article 6　 Applications for a concession service shall be processed with the following two-stage procedure:I. Stage one: a review is made of the applicant’s application, enterprise plan formulation and other qualifications and conditions.II. Stage two: An application that meets the condition of the stage one review satisfactorily shall become an eligible bidder (hereinafter referred to as the bidder), that may participate in the bidding as stipulated; a nominated bidder shall, in accordance with Article 36, upon remitting the bid award royalties in one lump sum, or upon remitting the initial payment of the bid award royalties and post guarantee for the remainder bid award royalties and interest, apply for concession license.The rule shall apply to the condition that any deviation from the content of the enterprise plan formulation a bidder submits, or the enterprise plan that a nominated bidder or operator submits, according to the stipulations of the rules.Article 7　 The frequency segments and frequency for the previous released operating concession license shall be as follows:I. Available from 2013:(I) The 700MHz frequency segment: Uplink 703~748MHz; downlink 758 MHz ～803MHz.(II) The 900MHz frequency segment: Uplink 1710MHz ～1770MHz; downlink 930 MHz ～960MHz.(III) The 1800 MHz frequency segment: Uplink 885MHz～915MHz; downlink 1805MHz ～1865MHz.II. Available from 2015:(I) 2500MHz and 2600MHz paired frequency segment：2500MHz～ 2570MHz and 2620MHz ～2690MHz。(II) 2500MHz and 2600MHz unpaired frequency segment：2570MHz～2620MHz。The foresaid frequency segments and frequency bandwidth for each time the operating concession licenses are located in Appendix 1.Annexed table1：The frequency segments and frequency bandwidth for previous released operating concession license.doc
