Article 1
These Regulations have been drafted pursuant to Article 5, Paragraph 1 of the Tourism Development Act. Article 2
The private groups referred to in these Regulations are groups that have been registered by the relevant competent authority. Article 3
The profit-seeking enterprises referred to in these Regulations are enterprises in the following tourism industries that have been approved by the relevant competent authority and obtained a business license or registration documents in accordance with law:1. Tourist hotel industry2. Hotel industry3. Travel industry4. Tourist entertainment industry5. Transportation industry6. Special product and handicraft industry7. Conference and exhibition industry Article 4
The Ministry of Transportation and Communications has appointed the Tourism Bureau to provide assistance to private groups and profit-seeking enterprises engaging in international tourism publicity and promotion. Announcements regarding the items of appointment and legal basis shall be published in government bulletins or newspapers. In order to strengthen international tourism publicity and promotion, the Tourism Bureau may provide free tourism publicity information to private groups and profit-seeking enterprises and notify its overseas offices or representatives in relevant areas to assist in promotional undertakings. Article 5
Private groups and profit-seeking enterprises engaging in the following international tourism publicity and promotion undertakings may apply to the Tourism Bureau for assistance: 1. Participation in international activities such as tourism organizations, conferences, professional exhibitions, trade meetings, promotional meetings, and seminars2. Arranging or securing the right to hold the foregoing activities in Taiwan3. Holding local, ecology, culture, or folk festival activities possessing international publicity and promotion effectiveness4. Organization of an ROC tourism promotion team engaging in direct promotion activities in a friendly country or reception of a foreign tourism or travel group in Taiwan for a travel-related visit or activity5. Participation upon invitation in a tourism festival or exhibition, etc., held by a friendly country in said country or invitation of a foreign tourism or travel group to the ROC to participate in a tourism festival or exhibition, etc.6. Establishment of alliances with tourism or travel groups in friendly countries or areas or holding of interchange conferences and other activities. Article 6
Private groups and profit-seeking enterprises applying for assistance in connection with international tourism publicity and promotion activities shall fill out and submit an application (see attachment) at least one month in advance for review by the Tourism Bureau. Application for Assistance to Private Groups or Profit-seeking Enterprises Engaging in International Tourism Publicity and Promotion.doc 
