Article 1
The regulations hereof are being established as mandated by Article 10 of the Postal Remittances and Savings Act. Article 2
Chunghwa Post Co., Ltd. (hereinafter called Chunghwa Post) shall establish an internal control and audit system for its postal savings and remittances business (hereinafter called the savings and remittances business) and make sure that the system is continually in operation and effective at promoting the healthy development of the company and maintaining its financial stability. Article 3
The basic objective of internal controls is to promote the healthy operations of Chunghwa Post. The board of directors, management and all other employees of the company shall do all they can to make these controls work in order to promote the efficiency of Chunghwa Post’s operations, protect the assets of the company, ensure the reliability and completeness of its financial and management information, and keep it in compliance with related regulations. Article 4
The internal control system of Chunghwa Post shall adhere to the following principles:1. The monitoring and control of management: The board of directors shall be responsible for reviewing, approving and periodically re-reviewing the overall operational strategies and major policies; the board of directors has the ultimate responsibility in ensuring the establishment and maintenance of an appropriate and effective internal control system. Top management shall be responsible for executing the operational strategies and policies approved by the board of directors as well as developing risk identification, assessment, monitoring and control procedures and drawing up appropriate internal control policies and monitoring these policies’ effectiveness and appropriateness.2. Risk identification and assessment: An effective internal control system has to be able to recognize and continually assess all the major risks that could have negative impacts on the accomplishment of the company’s goals.3. Control activities and division of labor: Control activities shall be a part of the company’s daily operations. Therefore, there shall be a comprehensive control structure and an internal control procedure for employees of every level; an effective internal control system shall ensure a proper division of labor so that employees shall not take on two or more duties that could clash with each other.4. Information and Communication: Proper and complete financial, operational and compliance information shall be kept; information shall be reliable, secure, timely and accessible, and shall be provided in a consistent format. Furthermore, an effective internal control system shall establish effective channels of communication.5. Monitoring activity and correcting flaws: The overall effectiveness of the company’s internal controls shall be monitored continually. When any employee of a business operation department, or the internal audit or internal control departments, discovers any internal control flaws, he or she shall report to the appropriate level immediately. In the case of a major internal control flaw, a report shall be made directly to the top management and the board of directors, and corrective measures shall be adopted immediately. Article 5
Chunghwa Post’s internal control system shall cover all operational activities of savings and remittances, and the following policies and procedures shall be drawn up:1. Regulations governing the organization of the company or regulations governing the management of the company, including setting out a clear organizational system, departmental duties and clear authorization as well as measures regarding delegation of responsibilities to the proper level staff.2. Handbook regarding related system standards and business activities: Including the policies, operational procedures and standards of savings, remittances, new lines of business, the utilization of postal savings, money handling, accounting, general affairs, information, personnel management and other operations, and appropriate internal controls to apply in accordance with each business line’s nature and scale.Chunghwa Post shall, in step with changing regulations, business items and operational procedures, periodically review and amend the various kinds of operations and management regulations mentioned in the preceding paragraph and require the internal audit and information departments to participate. Article 6
Chunghwa Post shall establish an internal audit system, compliance system and self-audit system in order to maintain an effective and appropriate operation of the internal control system of the savings and remittances businesses.The internal audit system shall be executed by Chunghwa Post’s audit department, which is responsible for auditing all savings, remittances and management departments as well as assessing on a regular basis the self-auditing performance of the savings and remittances business departments.The compliance officers of the business and management departments of Chunghwa Post shall, in accordance with the compliance program and self-assessment items drawn up by headquarters, ensure that all employees are in compliance with the rules and regulations of regulatory agencies when carrying out their duties.The self-audit system shall be carried out by members of the various operations, finance and information units by reviewing each other’s actual working circumstances. All departments shall designate assistants to the head of the department or personnel of at least a certain level to supervise the execution of this system, in order to discover operational flaws and take corrective actions as soon as possible. Article 7
The purpose of the internal audit system is to assist Chunghwa Post’s management team in examining and evaluating the performance of its internal control system and make timely suggestions to ensure that internal controls will stay continually effective. Article 8
Chunghwa Post shall establish an audit department under the board of directors to conduct unprejudiced auditing and make regular reports to the board of directors and corporate supervisors. When necessary, the board of directors or the corporate supervisors may order the chief auditor to make a report at any time. In the case of any major internal control flaws as mentioned in subparagraph 5 of Article 4 hereof, the chief auditor shall report to the board of directors immediately.Chunghwa Post shall establish a system for a chief auditor, who will be in charge of auditing operations. The chief auditor shall meet the qualifications specified in the Regulations Governing Postal Remittances and Savings Operations. The position is at the same level as a vice president, and the chief auditor may not take on any job that conflicts with or impedes carrying out his or her auditing responsibilities.The chief auditor shall be selected by the board of directors and may not be dismissed or transferred unless with the approval of two thirds of the board members. The chief auditor shall make a report to the Chairperson for his/her approval about the employment, dismissal, promotion, rewards and punishments, job rotation and performance rating of personnel in the auditing department before making a personnel move. However, personnel affairs involving other management and business departments shall be negotiated with the personnel department first, and then reported to the president for approval before being submitted to the chairperson for approval.The Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) or the Ministry of Finance (MOF) may, depending on the seriousness of the lapse, reprimand the chief auditor, order the chief auditor to take corrective action within a certain time period, or order Chunghwa Post to release the chief auditor from his or her duties if the chief auditor, while supervising and conducting internal auditing, is found to be remiss in any of the following ways:1. Abusing authority, with evidence showing that he/she has engaged in improper money transfers with clients or other improper activities, or has used his/her authority to benefit him-/herself or others, or has taken advantage of opportunities arising from job duties to harm the company.2. Illegally leaking, handing over or making public all or part of the company’s financial inspection report without the approval of the MOTC or the MOF.3. Failure to report any serious malpractices due to mismanagement to the MOTC or the MOF that results in heavy losses.4. Failure to uncover, in the internal auditing report, serious problems with the company’s financial and business matters that would cause heavy losses.5. Submitting false auditing reports.6. Failing to heed instructions of the MOTC or theMOF about conducting auditing works and providing related information.7. Behaving in other ways that are harmful to the credit and reputation or interests of the company.In the case that there are serious flaws or corrupt practices with Chunghwa Post’s management or business departments, the auditing department shall have the authority to suggest punishment and shall fully uncover the negligent personnel responsible in its internal audit report. Article 9
Auditing personnel shall maintain their integrity and may not:1. Engage in behavior that oversteps the boundaries of their job or engage in other improper behavior; leak information acquired on duty to outside sources; or take actions that benefit oneself personally or encroach upon Chunghwa Post’s interests.2. Failure to refuse to audit cases connected to one’s former duties or for which one has a vested interest.3. Accept improper hospitality or gifts or other improper benefits from Chunghwa Post’s employees or customers. Article 10
The president of Chunghwa Post shall direct and supervise all savings and remittances departments to make careful assessments and to review the execution of the internal control system, and submit a joint statement with the chief auditor and the compliance officer, along with operational reports stipulated by the Regulations Governing Postal Remittances and Savings Operations, at the end of each business year to the MOTC, the MOF and the Central Bank of China (CBC) for future reference. In addition, while conducting internal audits, the auditing department shall also check to see that their suggestions for improvements listed in the internal control system statement are heeded, and continue to urge relevant departments to make improvements. Article 11
In the case of serious malpractices that result from flawed internal management and controls within Chunghwa Post, or from lax enforcement of the internal audit system and compliance system, or from concealment of auditing results by the auditing department, responsible personnel shall be held accountable for negligence. When a member of auditing staff discovers a serious malpractice and in so doing prevents the company from suffering heavy losses, this person shall be rewarded. Article 12
Chunghwa Post shall plan the organization, structure and job duties of the internal audit department, as well as prepare an internal audit handbook and compile working papers, the contents of which shall at least include the following:1. The organization and personnel of the auditing department.2. Regulations regarding evaluation of the regulations of the internal control system as well as its operational procedures and its performance. 3. Items, time, procedures, legal bases, working papers and related forms of auditing.4. How the department that has been audited should respond to the suggestions offered. Article 13
The auditing department shall conduct at least one general audit and one special case audit a year of business, finance and information departments and at least one special case audit a year of other management departments.When conducting a general audit as mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the contents of the internal audit report shall at least assess the following:1. The scope of audit, financial status, operation performance, compliance, business operation controls and internal management, information management, situation of internal audits carried out by members of the department themselves.2. Improvements made by the various business departments to implement suggestions or eliminate flaws described by financial inspection agencies, the internal audit department, and audits by their own personnel, as well as matters to be addressed that are listed in the internal control system execution statement.Internal audit reports and their working papers shall be kept for at least five years for reference. Article 14
The auditing department shall conduct ongoing monitoring of attempts of departments to address suggestions made or flaws found by financial inspection agencies, accountants, internal audit department and business departments, as well as matters to be addressed that are listed in the internal controls system execution statement. Furthermore, the auditing department shall submit written reports on improvements made during its ongoing monitoring to the board of directors and corporate supervisors and file the reports, as well as list performance in this regard as an important item in the performance ratings of management and business departments.The main components of the auditing works of Chunghwa Post shall be drawn up jointly by the MOTC and the MOF. Article 15
Chunghwa Post shall, in accordance with the number of its post office branches and their business volume, employ enough auditors, including computer auditors.Auditors in charge of auditing the savings and remittances business are required to have a college degree, to have passed the Senior-Grade Civil Service Examination or an equivalent exam, to have been working in postal services for over five years, to have a clean record (with no demerits or more serious offenses) within the last three years, and to have one of the following qualifications:1. Two years or more experience in postal savings and remittances or financial operations.2. Two years or more experience in financial management or computer information in postal administration and at least three months of training in savings and remittances business and management.With regard to the demerits or worse offenses mentioned in the preceding paragraph, if the offense in question was a joint or group punishment resulting from the violation of a colleague and the offense has been erased from the employee’s record due to contributions made, the demerit or greater offense shall not be taken into consideration. Article 16
Auditors, executives and vice executives of the auditing department shall all take at least one course among the audit, computer audit or senior auditor programs offered by the Chunghwa Post Training Institute or Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance. New auditing personnel must pass the examination and obtain a graduation certificate from either of the above-mentioned institutes and shall have basic computer skills. In addition, apart from the executive and vice executive, all auditors shall attend professional training programs in financial related business held by the above-mentioned institutes at least twice or for 30 or more hours a year.Chunghwa Post shall draw up a self-auditing training program and continually give appropriate training to personnel carrying out audits for their own departments. Article 17
After the implementation of these regulations hereof, all newly appointed managers involved in the savings and remittances in a post office branch of Chunghwa Post shall take an auditing course at the Chunghwa Post Training Institute or the Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance within two years, as well as pass the examination and obtain a graduation certificate from one of the above-mentioned institutes.After the implementation of these regulations hereof, all newly appointed managers involved in the savings and remittances (as mentioned in the preceding paragraph) with the exception of upper management, shall pass the savings-and-remittances-internal-controls basic test given by the Chunghwa Post Training Institute or Taiwan Academy of Banking and Finance and acquire a certificate attesting to that fact within one year. All managers involved in savings and remittances who were appointed before the implementation of these regulations shall pass the test and acquire a certificate attesting to that fact within three years. Article 18
At the end of every year, Chunghwa Post shall submit a list of its internal audit personnel with their professional backgrounds and training to the MOTC and the MOF for reference. Article 19
In the event that the chief auditor or any of the auditing personnel of Chunghwa Post does not meet the qualifications set out by the regulations hereof or have violated the law or are negligent in his/her duties, the MOTC or the MOF may order the company to adjust their duties. Article 20
If Chunghwa Post’s auditors and compliance officers make suggestions about any major internal control flaws or violations that they believe will cause heavy losses, and these suggestions are not accepted by management, then the auditors or compliance officers should immediately report to the MOTC and the MOF. Article 21
To comply with the law and prevent financial crimes and frauds, Chunghwa Post shall establish a compliance system and it may, according to its scale, business nature and organizational characteristics, designate a department under the board of directors or the president to be in charge of the planning, management and execution of this system.Chunghwa Post shall designate a compliance officer in each of the business and management departments to be in charge of matters relating to compliance. Article 22
Chunghwa Post shall establish a compliance program on paper, which shall at least include the following:1. Well-designed compliance procedures to facilitate inquiries, coordination, communication and effective execution of matters related to compliance for all departments.2. Clear and appropriate inquiry, coordination and communication systems.3. The keeping of appropriate inquiry, coordination and communication records; and holding self-assessment on day-to-day compliance with the Postal Act, the Postal Remittances and Savings Act, Money Laundering Control Act, Computer Processing Personal Data Protection Act, and related financial regulations and ethical standards.4. Planning compliance-training courses, collecting and conveying financial regulations, ensuring employees receive appropriate training, and updating all operational and management regulations in accordance with changes to financial regulations, so that when executing duties, staff can continually recognize and be in compliance with relevant regulations. Article 23
Chunghwa Post shall, in accordance with its compliance program, design self-evaluation working papers for related compliance items and this self-evaluation shall be carried out once every six months. Article 24
Chunghwa Post shall establish a self-audit system in order to strengthen internal efforts to prevent corrupt practices. All business, financial and information departments shall carry out a general self-audit at least once every six months and a special case self-audit at least once every quarter.The self-audit for business, financial and information departments shall be carried out by a member of staff who is not in charge of the unit or programs being audited. He/she shall be designated by the head of the department and shall keep such a designation secret before the audit. Article 25
While the accountants are carrying out auditing and certification for Chunghwa Post’s annual financial report, Chunghwa Post shall commission the accountants to carry out the audit of the company’s internal control system and express their opinions on the correctness of the information in the report to the MOTC and the MOF, the execution of the company’s internal control system and compliance system, as well as the appropriateness of its bad debt allowance policy.The auditing fee shall be negotiated by the company and the accountants and paid by the company.The company shall submit a list of the accountants in charge of auditing to the MOTC and the MOF for reference within a month of the start of the auditing year; the same shall apply when any of the accountants are replaced. Article 26
When necessary, the MOTC and the MOF may invite Chunghwa Post and the accountants commissioned for discussions about matters related to the commissioned auditing as mentioned in the preceding article. In the event that any of the accountants are found not to be competent to carry out the auditing, the MOTC and the MOF may order the company to replace the accountants and start the audit over again. Article 27
When carrying out the auditing work as stipulated in Article 25 hereof, the accountants shall report to the MOTC and the MOF immediately in case of the following:1. During auditing, the company fails to provide the statements, accounting evidence, account books and minutes as needed, or refuses to answer questions about the account, or for other reasons connected to the objective environment, the accountants are unable to continue their auditing work.2. There are false or missed entries of a serious nature in the accounts or other records.3. The company’s assets are less than its liabilities or the company’s financial status has deteriorated drastically.4. Evidence shows that a business transaction may possibly result in heavy losses to the net assets of the company.In the case any part of subparagraphs 2, 3 or 4 are true in so far as the company is concerned, the accountants shall make an excerpt report of the auditing results to the MOTC and the MOF. Article 28
When commission accountants carry out an audit as stipulated in Article 25 hereof, Chunghwa Post shall submit the accountant’s auditing report to the MOTC and the MOF for reference before the deadline set out by the MOF. This auditing report shall at least cover the scope, basis, procedures and results of the audit.When the MOTC or the MOF makes inquiries about the contents of the auditing report, the accountants shall provide detailed related data and explanations. Article 29
The regulations herein shall become effective on January 1, 2003. 
