Chapter 1 General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 9, Article 16 of the Telecommunications Act (hereinafter referred to as “this Act”).Article 2　 The terms of these regulations are defined as follows:1. Network interconnection: it refers to the network connection made by certain telecom enterprise in order to enable its subscribers to communicate with subscribers of other telecom enterprises or to access services rendered by other telecom enterprises.2. Mobile telecommunications network: it refers to the telecommunications network composed of mobile telecommunications system and related cables and equipment.3. Fixed telecommunications network: it refers to the telecommunications network composed of fixed telecommunications system and related cables and equipment.4. Satellite mobile telecommunications network: it refers to the telecommunications network between satellite systems and mobile earth radio stations or other earth stations.5. Mobile telecommunications network enterprise: it refers to telecommunications business that sets up mobile telecommunications network for mobile telecommunications service operation.6. Fixed telecommunications network enterprise: it refers to telecom enterprises that set fixed telecom network for local telecommunications service, long distance telecommunications service, and international telecommunications service.7. Satellite mobile telecommunications network enterprise: it refers to the telecom enterprise that sets satellite mobile telecommunications network for satellite mobile telecommunications service operation.8. Local telephone business area: an area that is defined according to the administrative region of county (city), which serves as the service scope of local telephone exchange systems, and the telephones installed in this area shall communicate at a rate of local calls.9. Tariff: it refers to the charge collected by the telecom enterprise from subscribers for rending telecommunication services with telecommunications equipment.10. Cost: it refers to the cost of telecommunications service containing reasonable returns on investment.11. Total element long run incremental cost (TELRIC): it refers to the long run forward-looking cost added to telecom enterprises for making use of equipment and their functions related to unbundled network elements directly or indirectly in order to offer network interconnection.12. Dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises: means the operator as defined in Article 10 of the Administrative Regulations Governing Tariffs of Type I Telecommunications Enterprises.13. Point of interconnection: the substantial conjunctions set for network interconnection between telecommunications enterprises.14. Call-by-call selection service: when subscribers make long-distance or international calls, the telecommunications network of call-by-call service providers shall connect the calls automatically according to the ID of the long-distance telecommunications network or international telecommunications network accessed by users.15. Wholesale resale service: it refers to the service as defined in Paragraph 1 of Article 2 of the Administrative Rules on Type II Telecommunications Businesses.16. Mobile resale service: it refers to the service as defined in Paragraph 1 of Article 2 of the Administrative Rules on Type II Telecommunications Businesses.17. E.164 Internet telephony service: it refers to the service as defined in Paragraph 1 of Article 2 of the Administrative Rules on Type II Telecommunications Businesses.18. Mobile type selection service providers: it refers to the providers as defined in Paragraph 1 of Article 2 of Regulations Governing the Equal Access Service.Article 3　 These Regulations are applicable to the network interconnections between Type I telecommunications enterprises and between Type I telecommunications enterprises and Type II telecommunications enterprises.These Regulations are applicable to the matter of network interconnections between the telecommunications enterprises that apply for the operation of Type I telecommunications service and have obtained the Establishment Approval, or between the aforesaid Type I telecommunications enterprise and other telecommunications enterprise.Chapter 2 Network Interconnection between Type I Telecommunications EnterprisesSection One – Principles of Network InterconnectionArticle 4　 Among Type I telecommunication enterprises, when one enterprise demands network interconnection with another enterprise, the other party is not allowed to refuse.The preceding paragraph shall not apply if the National Communications Commission (hereinafter refer to as “the NCC”) approves, and either of the following circumstances exits:1. Such interconnection is not technically feasible; or2. Such interconnection may likely affect the security of telecommunications equipments.Article 5　 The network interconnection among Type I telecommunications enterprises shall be economically, technically and administratively efficient.Article 6　 Type I telecommunications enterprises provide themselves, their affiliates or other telecommunications enterprises with network interconnection service, and the price, quality and other interconnection conditions shall meet the principle of being just, reasonable and non-discriminatory.The information obtained by Type I telecommunications enterprises during negotiation on network interconnection or during implementation of the network interconnection agreement can but be used for services related to network interconnection, and proper secrecy measures shall be taken to ensure that the information keeps from using by other affiliates or third parties. While if there is other agreement between telecommunications enterprises that does not act against these Regulations, the agreement shall prevailed.Section Two – Principles for Setting Points of InterconnectionArticle 7　 When Type I telecommunications enterprises provide network interconnection service, the interconnection points shall be established as required through negotiations.When a dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises offers network interconnection service, the interconnection points shall be set up at any points that are feasible in technology. When a dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises is unable to set up interconnection points, it shall provide reasons therefor in writing to the party that demands network interconnection.The following interconnection points are feasible in technology:1. Local switches.2. Local tandem switches.3. Toll switches.4. International switches.5. Dedicated tandem switches.6. Signal transfer points.7. Cross-connection points.8. Other precedents of points of interconnection.Following principles shall be followed in evaluating the technical feasibility:1. It shall be considered whether the network interconnection affects the security or reliability of telecommunications networks.2. Space, location and economic factors are not allowed to be used as reasons for technical unfeasibility.A dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises may set up interconnection points beyond the technically feasible points set forth in Paragraph 3 as required by other Type I telecommunications enterprises and may collect charges for such points, based on actual cost.Article 8　 The network interconnection between Type I telecommunication enterprises shall have a definite liability boundary, and equipment or adequate measures for demarcation shall be set up to separate the telecommunications equipment of the enterprises.The liability boundary, and equipment and adequate measures for demarcation set forth in the preceding paragraph shall be handled according to the agreement between both parties of the network interconnection.Article 9　 The equipment capacity and interconnected transmission circuits of the points of interconnection shall be adequate to achieve sound telecommunications quality and traffic flow.For communications when local sending subscribers dial local receiving ones, the sending network providers or delay network providers shall not relay that communication via a foreign network unless the NCC grants permission or the receiving subscribers use roaming service.The telecommunications quality of the network interconnection between Type I telecommunications enterprises shall meet the service quality specifications set by the NCC.Article 10 　 The telecommunications enterprises that are interconnected shall be responsible for maintaining the linkage from each network terminal to the point of interconnection.Article 11 　 Except as otherwise provided hereunder, the equipment configuration and maintenance, location and associated costs of the network interconnection between Type I telecommunications enterprises shall be decided through negotiation.Calculation of the above-mentioned costs by a dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises shall meet the principles of cost orientation, fair and reasonable, and non-discrimination.For network interconnection between Type I telecommunications enterprises, space for the installation of related telecommunications equipment shall be offered upon the request of the party that demands network interconnection.Where Type I telecommunications enterprises have provided evidences that they are unable to offer installation space pursuant to the preceding paragraph, other space shall be offered for the installation of related equipment for network interconnection by the enterprises requesting network interconnection; provided that the related interconnection equipment shall be provided by the enterprise that requests network interconnection.Article 12 　 Type I telecommunications enterprises shall, in sequence, adopt technical specifications prescribed by the NCC, national standards, international standards or interconnection terms and conditions for existing telecommunications systems, which shall be the installation standards for signaling, transmission, synchronization, traffic volume or necessary traffic data exchanges functions.In absence of the installation standards set forth in the preceding paragraph, it is decided by Type I telecommunication enterprises through negotiation.Section Three – Cost of Network InterconnectionArticle 13 　 Related service fees for network interconnection are as follows:1. Network interconnection setup charge: it refers to the one-time cost for network interconnection establishment between Type I telecommunications enterprises.2. Access charge: it refers to the cost calculated on the basis of duration of the network communications using network interconnection.3. Transit charge: it refers to the charge paid to the other Type I telecommunications enterprise, through whose network the communication between networks of two Type I telecommunications enterprises are completed for the networks of two enterprises, which are partly or completely not well interconnected.4. Connection charge or other equipment rents: it refers to the cost for leasing links or other equipment in order to construct the network interconnection circuits.5. Other auxiliary charge: it refers to the costs for providing other services.The fees in the preceding paragraph shall be handled as follows:1. The access charge and connection charge are assumed by the party that receives the tariff; nevertheless, specific agreement follows if there is any negotiation with the connection charge by the interconnecting enterprises.2. The transit charge is assumed by the party that leads to the reason for the switching, and it shall be determined through negotiation if there is no reason for the switching.3. Other costs shall be assumed by the party that requires interconnection and results in the cost increase of the other party.If the traffic volume between two networks exceeded the bearing capacity of the direct interconnection circuit or bandwidth and requires network switch, the resulted cost shall be negotiated by related enterprises, and the provisions of Item 2 in the preceding paragraph are not applicable.Article 14 　 Except as otherwise provided hereunder, the termination rate of Type I telecommunications enterprises shall be determined through negotiation between both parties of the network interconnection.Calculation of the above-mentioned termination rate shall meet the principle of cost orientation, fairness, reasonableness, and non-discrimination.The termination rate of fixed network operators with significant market power (SMP) shall be determined pursuant to the following principles in accordance with the cost of the applied relay, transmission, and switching equipment, which shall be reviewed every four years:1. The termination rate shall be determined by the costs of the unbundled network elements in service; and2. The cost mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be determined on the basis of TELRIC.The termination rate ascertained by fixed network operators with significant market power (SMP) shall be verified by the NCC in advance; the commission shall also verify any modification to the rate.In order to maintain balanced competition, consumer benefits, and other public interests, the NCC may modify the termination rate submitted by fixed network operators with significant market power (SMP) during verification.The termination rate of mobile network operators and 3G operators, except as otherwise provided in regulations or provision, shall be determined in accordance with regulation. The provisions of Paragraph III also apply to the calculation and review of the termination rate.Article 15 　 For network interconnection between the dominant market player of Type I telecommunications enterprises and other Type I telecommunications enterprises, the tariff shall be figured out as provided in the preceding article, which shall be paid to other Type I telecommunications enterprises as the access charge.Article 16 　 The fixed network operators with significant market power shall disclose the calculation method for the termination rate to the NCC. If the party that requests interconnection is unsatisfied with the proposed termination rate, it may apply to the NCC for a crosscheck; the NCC shall reply to the applicant in writing with the results of the check.The NCC shall require fixed network operators with significant market power to provide related information for the purpose of the said check.Article 17 　 The fixed network operators with significant market power shall unbundle its network elements.The unbundled network elements shall contain the following:1. local subscriber loops;2. local switch transmission equipment;3. local trunks;4. toll switching transmission equipment;5. long-distance trunks;6. international switching transmission equipment;7. network interface equipment;8. directory equipment and service; and9. signaling network equipment.The unbundled network elements of mobile network operators and 3G operators are stated as follows:1. mobile telecommunications trunks；2. mobile telecommunications base transceiver stations；3. mobile telecommunications base stations control equipment；4. mobile telecommunications switching and transmission equipment；5. Other network-related elements approved by NCC.Article 18 　 With feasible technologies, Type I telecommunications enterprises shall agree to set up the access point of local subscriber loops on the distribution frames of the local exchange office, MDF or distribution frames of subscribers’ buildings, or cabinets at curbside.The tariff of unbundled network elements leased by other Type I telecommunications enterprises, unless otherwise provided by laws or regulations, shall be determined through negotiation between both parties; provided that the tariff for network bottleneck facilities shall be charged on a cost basis.The charges of Type I Telecommunications Enterprises leasing its twisted-pair local loop to other Local network business operator shall be calculated by the historical cost method and shall be approved by the NCC in advance each year.Section Four – Ownership of TariffsArticle 19 　 The tariffs sharing between Type I telecommunications enterprises shall be determined in accordance with this Chapter, or determined through negotiation between Type I telecommunications enterprises if matters not provided in this Chapter.Article 20 　 Except for international communications, ownership of the tariffs for the communications between mobile telecommunications network and fixed telecommunications network shall follow the following principles:1. The tariff is collected from the call-originating subscribers by the call-originating telecommunications enterprises pursuant to the pricing of the mobile telecommunications network enterprises, and the revenue from the tariff belongs to the mobile telecommunications network enterprises. However, from 1 January 2011, the tariff shall be both priced and collected from the call-originating subscribers by the call-originating telecommunications enterprise; revenue from the tariff shall belong to the call-originating telecommunications enterprises as well.2. The call-originating telecommunications enterprises shall be in charge of the bad debts, and their duty for paying associated costs to the call-originating telecommunications enterprises shall not be exempted due to the bad debts.From January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2016, the Type I telecommunications enterprise dominant market player of local Internet service shall pay mobile telecommunications network enterprises the relevant amount stipulated in the table.The payment referred to in the preceding paragraph attests that the Type I telecommunications enterprise dominant market player of local Internet service shall pay mobile telecommunications network enterprises the amount during the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2016 due to the ownership of pricing and revenue from the tariff transferred to call-originating telecommunications enterprises.Attached table：Table stipulating the amounts the dominant market player shall pay to mobile telecommunications network operators in transition.pdf
