Article 1
These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Article 29-1 of the Civil Aviation Act (hereinafter referred as the Act). Article 2
“Private airfields” as used herein shall mean airfields established and operated by ROC citizens or by juristic persons in compliance with the criteria as set forth in subparagraph 3 of paragraph 1 under Article 10 of the Act. Article 3
When filing an application for the establishment of a private airfield, the following documents shall be submitted in two duplicate to the Civil Aeronautics Administration (hereinafter referred as CAA) of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter referred as MOTC). Upon a satisfactory inspection jointly conducted by CAA and relevant authorities, the application shall be submitted to MOTC for approval. After the approval having been granted by MOTC, the airfield can thereafter be established.1. Application Form (as shown in Attachment 1);2. Name and location of the private airfield;3. Construction plan: which shall include the purpose(s) and use(s) of the airfield, the layout of facilities and access road systems, security and maintenance plan, aircraft types to be used, and takeoff and landing routes;4. Operation plan and financial plan;5. Proof of land ownership, supporting documents for leasing or consent to use the land, and land registration certificates. The land registration certificates will be not necessary if they could be dealt with on-line;6. Land use zoning certificate if the land locates in the urban planning area;7. An environmental impact report or environmental impact assessment as reviewed and approved by the environmental protection authorities if, according to relevant laws and/or regulations, an environmental impact assessment shall be conducted. An environmental impact assessment document (as shown in Attachment 2) as reviewed and accepted by the environmental protection authorities if, according to relevant laws and/or regulations, an environmental impact assessment is not required;8. Depending upon the nature of the applicant, additional documents shall be submitted as follows:(1) In case of an individual: curricula vitae of the responsible person(s) and manager(s) must be provided and attached;(2) In case of a newly established company: curricula vitae of the responsible person(s) and manager(s), roster of promoters, along with the draft of articles of association must be provided and attached;(3) In case of a previously established company: curricula vitae of the representative(s) and manager(s), articles of association, roster of shareholders, roster of director(s) and supervisor(s), along with the supporting document for corporate registration must be provided and attached;(4) In case of other juristic person(s): curricula vitae of the representative(s), responsible person(s) and manager(s), roster of director(s) and supervisor(s), along with its articles of association must be provided and attached.As for an application for the establishment of a private airfield exclusively for the use by helicopters for medical treatment and rescue by major general hospitals, an approval document from health governing institute in central government must be provided and attached. Attachment 1：Application Form for the Establishment of a Private Airfield.docAttachment 2.doc 
