Article 1
These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 35 of the “International Airport Park Development Act.” Article 2
The terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Simple processing: referring to one of the following actions performed on stored goods:A. Inspection or testing.B. Repairs or labeling.C. Grading or categorizing goods in storage according to the property, shape, size, color, etc.D. Segmenting stored goods into smaller units.E. Assemblage with manual labor or simple tools.F. Changing the original packaging or repacking.2. Income: referring to monetary gains obtained within the ROC. Article 3
Starting from May 1, 2010, foreign profit-seeking enterprises or their branches in the ROC which delegate Free-Trade-Zone enterprises to conduct goods storage and/or simple processing operations in the Free Trade Zone of International Airport Park (hereinafter referred to as Airport Park) and selling the goods to domestic and/or overseas customers should apply for profit-seeking enterprise income tax exemption(hereinafter referred to as income tax).Free Trade Zone enterprises referred to in the preceding paragraph shall include foreign profit-seeking enterprises or their branches in the ROC that apply to establish and operate in the Free Trade Zone of the Airport Park.Applications for exemptions described in the Paragraph 1 must comply with the following regulations:1. The applicant must be a profit-seeking enterprise legally registered in a foreign country and based outside the territory of the ROC.2. The goods in the Free Trade Zone of Airport Park are to be sold to non-natural persons.3. The goods in the Free Trade Zone of Airport Park belong to the applicant and are sold to customers within the territory of the ROC or overseas by contract agreement or sold through typical business exchanges through brokers, regular commission-charging agents or other independent agents. Article 4
Applicants who sell to domestic customers an amount more than 10% of their total annual sales shall not be granted income tax exemption on the exceeding portion.The calculation of annual sales amounts is described in the preceding paragraph:1. Sales completed within the territory of the ROC are calculated in accordance with prices on Uniform Invoices issued or CIF values on import declarations.2. Sales completed outside the territory of the ROC are calculated in accordance with FOB values on export declarations.Annual sales amounts identified as tax-exempt whose related costs, expenses or losses could be directly, reasonably and clearly classified should be separately categorized and reported. If not, they shall be allocated according to the proportion officially approved with revenue-exempt portion divided by the net operating revenue plus the net non-operating revenue. Article 5
Applicants for income tax exemption are required to submit the following documents to the ruling free trade zone authority in Airport Park for a letter of certification for foreign profit-seeking enterprise conducting goods storage and/or simple processing operations in Free Trade Zone of Airport Park . This should be done one month before the deadline for income tax declaration for the year:1. Proof of legal registration of the profit-seeking enterprise in a foreign country.2. A Foreign Profit-seeking Enterprise Declaration of Operation outside the ROC.3. A Proposal for delegating A Free-Trade-Zone Enterprise in Airport Park to Conduct Goods Storage and/or Simple Processing Operations.4. Applicants delegating a Free-Trade-Zone enterprise in Airport Park shall be required to submit an effective contract signed with the delegated enterprise as well as a translated and condensed Chinese version of the contract.Applicants for delegated operations are also required to submit a letter of authorization.When issuing the letter of certification described in Paragraph 1, the ruling free trade zone authority in Airport Park must indicate the duration of validity, with five years being the maximum. Carbon copies shall also be sent to relevant authorities, the Taxation Agency of the Ministry of Finance, as well as the tax collection authorities and the customs authorities with jurisdiction. Article 6
After obtaining the letter of certification for foreign profit-seeking enterprise conducting goods storage and/or simple processing operations in free trade zone of Airport Park, applicants shall file income tax for the year on schedule and submit the following documents to the ruling tax collection authority to apply for income tax exemption for the year.1. A photocopy of the letter of certification for foreign profit-seeking enterprise conducting goods storage and/or simple processing operations in free trade zone of Airport Park from the ruling Free Trade Zone authority in Airport Park.2. The table of tax incentives of the year for delegating a Free-Trade-Zone enterprise to operate reviewed by an income tax return certification conducted by a CPA and related proof.The Ministry of Finance shall establish the table of tax incentives described in the preceding paragraph.Foreign profit-seeking enterprises without a fixed operating location or agent in the ROC are required to obtain the approval of the tax office and delegate an ROC resident or a profit-seeking enterprise with a fixed operating location in the ROC as an agent to file and pay taxes. Article 7
Foreign profit-seeking enterprises that have changed delegated Free-Trade-Zone enterprises to conduct goods storage and/or simple processing operations in Airport Park or renewed the delegation contract are required to reapply for the letter of certification as described in Article 5. Article 8
When any of the following circumstances exist, applicants with delegating Free-Trade- Zone enterprises to conduct goods storage and/or simple processing operations in Airport Park and selling the goods to domestic and/or overseas customers shall not be granted income tax exemption and income tax shall be imposed according to the Income Tax Act and related laws:1. Business transactions within the territory of the ROC include logistic value-added services other than goods storage, simple processing, and sales.2. The goods in storage are processed and procured and sold within the territory of the ROC.3. The foreign profit-seeking enterprise sells the stored and processed goods to its ROC branch which then resells the goods to domestic and/or overseas customers.4. The base of the foreign profit-seeking enterprise is not outside the territory of the ROC. Article 9
These Regulations shall take effect from the date of promulgation. 
