Article 1
This measure is set based on Article 39 of Air Pollution Control Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The terms of this measure are defined as follows:1. Motorcycle model composition patterns (hereinafter referred as Motorcycle configuration): refers to power system of the motorcycle (such as internal combustion engine or hybrid power system with electric motor, etc.), basic engine, fuel supply system, emission control system, transmission and inertial mass are the same as the same models.2. Engine family: motorcycles have similar power system, combustion cycle (number of trips), type of cooling system (air, sea water), cylinder block structure (ie parallel, V-type, opposite type, cylinder aperture center spacing distance, etc.), number of cylinders, air supply method, fuel supply (method, numbers and measuring systems, etc.), evaporated gas storage device, catalytic converters (oxidation catalyst, reduction catalyst or three-way catalytic), secondary air system, electronic control module vehicle can be summarized as the same engine family.3. Used motorcycles in foreign countries: motorcycles have registered in local Transportation Supervision and have licenses, should obtain certificate and import duties (exemption) issued by customs when import.4. On Board Diagnostics (OBD): refers to motorcycles with system capability to monitor air pollution prevention equipment and detection fault conditions via on board computer, and can store fault codes and display fault signal capabilities.5. Hybrid motorcycle: refers to motorcycles with both combustion engine and electric motor-generator system, two sources of power.6. Idle-stop or stop-start devices: refers to a moving motorcycle stops temporarily or stops for traffic lights, etc., and maintains in idle state for a while, the apparatus can have engine enter into off state automatically, and able to start engine again with opening the throttle. Article 3
Motorcycle shall comply with the Article 6 and Article 7 of transportation air emission standards (hereinafter referred to as emission standards) and related provisions of this measure, The central competent authority may only issue motorcycle exhaust emission compliance certificate (hereinafter referred to as compliance certificate). Article 4
Qualified applicants should apply following provisions for proof:1. Domestic motorcycles applied by motorcycle manufacturers.2. Imported motorcycles applied by motorcycle manufacturers designated agents, importers, Importer coalition of nonprofit association or guild3. Import purchasing motorcycles of all levels of administrative organizations, organizations apply or commission by winning vendors to apply.4. Individual motorcycle importation is applied by owners.Electric motorcycles without internal combustion engines are free of conformity application under the preceding paragraphs. But it shall submit proof of vehicle type safety testing compliance, data models and specifications with complete vehicle photo filing to central authorities, and comply electron transport operations with verification of the central competent authority. Article 5
The central competent authority may specify authorized testing organization to measure as proof of eligibility to apply for engine family that meets the emission standards as determined basis. Selection and testing of tested vehicle in the preceding paragraph, in accordance with the provisions of Appendix I. Appendix 1：Selection of tested motorcycle testing regulations comparison table.pdf 
