Article 1
These Regulations have been established pursuant to Article 25 of the Seafarer Act. Article 2
Foreign employers shall apply to employ seafarers from the Republic of China (R.O.C.) in accordance with the provisions established herein.Foreign employers mentioned herein refer to employers from nations that have a good relationship with the R.O.C. Article 3
In order to manage the employment of R.O.C. seafarers by foreign employers and provide employed seafarers with better services, the Maritime Administration has approved the creation of "The Committee for R.O.C. Seafarers Employed by Foreign Employers" (hereinafter referred to as the Committee) to offer aid with regard to processing employment procedures and integrating and providing consultation services to settle disputes between employers and employees, as well as to assume responsibilities related to the depository and utilization of the relief fund financed for seafarers employed by foreign employers.Falling under the supervision of the Maritime Administration, the Committee is made up of representatives designated by the Master Mariners Association, National Chinese Seamen’s Union, R.O.C. Vessel Carriers, R.O.C. Shipping Agency, and Maritime Administration.The Committee shall have seven to fifteen members, among which one chairman, one deputy chairman, and one financial committee member shall be elected. These members’ positions shall be unpaid and have a term of service of three years. The chairman may be reappointed once when elected successively, while all other members may be reappointed when elected successively. General committee meetings shall be held quarterly and special meetings can be convened whenever necessary.One or two members from the paragraph above shall be assigned by the Master Mariners Association; two to three members shall be assigned by the National Chinese Seamen’s Union; one shall be assigned by the R.O.C. Vessel Carriers; two to four shall be assigned by the R.O.C. Shipping Agency; and one to five shall be assigned by the Maritime Administration.The relief fund created for seafarers employed by foreign employers shall be distributed to help settle disputes between employers and employees. The administrative guidelines for said fund shall be established by the Committee.Any expenses of the Committee and related to the relief fund created for seafarers employed by foreign employers shall be assumed by foreign employers on a monthly basis according to the number of vessels and seafarers they have employed. The fund collection rate shall be established by the Committee and submitted to the Maritime Administration for approval.The Committee may employ numerous short-term employees as it deems necessary to handle Committee affairs. The Committee’s establishment plan shall be submitted to the Maritime Administration for approval. Article 4
All foreign employers shall entrust their employment of R.O.C. seafarers to either a R.O.C. shipping carrier or a R.O.C. shipping agency as an agent for employment. Foreign employers are required to fill in the application form (see Attachment 1) and provide the following documentation to the Maritime Administration when applying for the appropriate permission:1. A photocopy of the company’s license and its Chinese translation. (The photocopy of the company’s license can be substituted by a photocopy certified by a R.O.C. embassy, consulate, representative office or any other organization authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.)2. Profile of the person-in-charge and the company’s business scope (see Attachment 2).3. A photocopy of the Letter of Authorization certified by a R.O.C. embassy, consulate, representative office or any other organization authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (see Attachment 3).4. A list of the vessels of the foreign employer (see Attachment 4).5. A photocopy of the company license of agents.Any change to the documents listed above shall be reported to the Maritime Administration for future reference. Attachment 1 Application Form for Employment of a R.O.C. Seafarer by a Foreign Employer.docAttachment 2 Profile of the Person-in-charge and Business Scope of the Foreign Employe.docAttachment 3 Letter of Authorizatio.docAttachment 4 List of Vessels of Foreign Employers.doc 
