Article 1
These regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article 28 of the Taoyuan International Airport Park Development Act. Article 2
The four categories of courtesy clearance are the following:1. Ambassadorial courtesy clearance: ambassadorial guests will be transported to or from the apron via the Official VIP lounge for departure or arrival.2. Special courtesy clearance: distinguished guests go through the official passageway for departure or arrival.3. General courtesy clearance: distinguished guests go through the dedicated check-in counter for departure or arrival.4. Business courtesy clearance: the state-owned Taoyuan International Airport Corporation Limited (hereafter TAC) will dispatch designated personnel to assist distinguished guests managing clearance procedures. Article 3
Anyone who meets one of the following standards is entitled to apply for ambassadorial courtesy clearance:1. Head of state and deputy head of state.2. Prime minister, premier, or persons of equivalent status.3. Distinguished guests invited by the government of R.O.C. and need to be granted ambassadorial courtesy clearance.4. Spouse that accompanies any of the afore-mentioned guests. Article 4
Anyone who meets one of the following standards is entitled to apply for special courtesy clearance:1. Ambassadors, ministers, or envoys stationed in R.O.C. or persons of equivalent position.2. Distinguished guests invited by the government of R.O.C. and need to be granted special courtesy clearance.3. The chief, deputy chief, or general of central government agencies above (including) the third level; or persons of equivalent position.4. R.O.C. ambassadors, ministers, or envoys in foreign countries, or persons of equivalent status.5. Governor and Municipal Mayors.6. Spouse that accompanies any of the afore-mentioned guests.7. Persons who, according to other regulations, should be protected. Article 5
Anyone who meets one of the following requirements is entitled to apply for general courtesy treatment:1. Congressman.2. Distinguished guests invited by the government of R.O.C.3. Foreign official members invited by TAC for business consideration, or distinguished guests invited by operation units in the airport.4. Spouse that accompanies any of the afore-mentioned guests. Article 6
Applicants of the business courtesy clearance should be charged the fee listed in the appendix. AppendixCharge for Business Courtesy Clearance.doc 
