Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 The present Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article 42 of Pilotage Act.Article 2　 The requirements and qualifications of the pilots performing pilotage services in the special pilotage districts which are divided and delimited by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) shall be drawn by individual local shipping administration authority according to the situation whereof and submitted for approval of the MOTC.Article 3　 The administrative rules governing the pilots of the special pilotage districts may be otherwise drawn by individual local shipping administration authority and submitted for approval of the MOTC for enforcement.Article 4　 The pilots of individual pilotage district shall establish a pilot office to deal with the procedures for the requirement for piloting services.Each pilot office shall draw working rules for its member pilots to follow; the rules will be enforced after submitting for approval of local shipping administration authority.The pilot office shall be placed under the supervision of local shipping administration authority.Article 5　 Any pilot office shall provide the duty book in its office for each group of member pilots to go on duty by turn by day accordingly; the name list of the pilots on duty in turn each day shall be filed with the local shipping administration authority.Article 6　 Any pilot office shall provide the topographic map covering individual pilotage district, table of sea level, tides and waves daily and information of instruments and devices relating to navigation and the Pilotage Act for member pilots' reference.Article 7　 The pilot boats exclusively used for pilotage services should be provided by the pilot offices, which may apply to the competent telecommunication authority for setting up radio stations for use to provide pilotage service.Article 8　 The pilot office which does not provide pilot boats may lease appropriate boats as the substitutes, provided, however, such boats shall have the identification marks stipulated in Article 9 of Pilotage Act.Article 9　 The pilot office, which is unable to acquire or lease the pilot boats, may report to the shipping administration authority requesting for assistance.Article 10 　 All expenses for various facilities in the pilot office shall be borne by each member pilot in proportion to his/her revenue from pilotage services.The shipping administration authority may, as it deems necessary, request the pilot offices to improve their facilities used for piloting vessels and the pilotage services rendered within a specific period of time.The pilot office shall submit the annual accounts of equipment and funds in the end of each year to local shipping administration authority for audit and inspection.Article 11 　 The boat exclusively used for pilotage service and navigating within a designated pilotage district may be exempted from processing the formalities of port entry and exit.Chapter 2 Pilot License and Certificate of RegistrationArticle 12 　 After passing a pilot examination and possessing its certificate, the pilot shall apply to the MOTC for a Pilot License. After being issued a pilot license, the pilot shall apply to the local shipping administration authority in the designated pilotage district for registration, whereby he will be issued a Certificate of Registry, against which the pilot shall be allowed to perform the pilotage service. The pilot office shall, according to the number of pilot designated by the shipping administration authority, fill in the vacancies in sequence with the pilots who hold the Certificates of Registry mentioned in the previous paragraph to perform pilotage service.　Article 12-1　 Pilots are classified into two categories as follows:1. "Class A Pilot" means the pilot who may pilot in a port and its coast for the vessels of the tonnage prescribed in Article 14 of the present Regulations.2. "Class B Pilot" means the pilot who may pilot in inland rivers and lakes for the vessels of the tonnage prescribed in Article 15 of the present Regulations.Article 13 　 An application to the MOTC for Pilot License should provided with following documents（as appendix 1）：1、 Application.2、 Certificate for pilot issued by Examination Yuan.3、 Certificate of physical issued by public hospital or teaching hospital for past three months.4、 Two pieces of photo without hat for past three months.5、 Application fees NT$ 2,000.An application to the MOTC for renew Pilot License should provided with following documents（as appendix 2）：1、 Application.2、 Certificate of pilot examination issued by Examination Yuan.3、 Certificate of physical issued by public hospital or teaching hospital for past three months.4、 Two pieces of photo without hat for past three months.5、 Application fees NT$ 2,000.6、 Certificate for pilot at least one year for past five years.7、 Expired Pilot License of original.An application to the MOTC for reissue Pilot License should provided with following documents（as appendix 2）：1、 Application.2、 Two pieces of photo without hat for past three months.3、 Application fees NT$ 2,000.Marine Pilot Certificate.DOC
