Chapter 1GeneralPrinciplesArticle 1　 This regulation is established in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 9-1 of the Civil Aviation Act of the Republic of China.Article 2　 Definitions:1.	Maintenance means inspection, overhaul, repair, preservation, and the replacement of part in order to maintain the airworthiness of an aircraft, but excludes preventive maintenance.2.	Preventive maintenance means simple or minor preservation operations and the replacement of small standard part not involving complex assembly operations.3.	Repair means the restoration of an aircraft, its powerplant, propeller, components and part to an airworthy condition as defined by the appropriate airworthiness standards and requirements. It is classified as following:(1)	Major repair means a repair that if improperly done, might appreciably affect weight, balance, structural strength, performance, powerplant operation, flight characteristics, or other qualities affecting airworthiness; or that is not done according to accepted practices or cannot be done by elementary operations.(2)	Minor repair means a repair other than a major repair.4.	Alteration means a modification work which is not listed in the original design standard to add or subtract component and part, or change its original performance or function to an aircraft, its powerplant, or propeller. It is classified as following:(1)	Major alteration means an alteration not listed in the aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller specifications that might appreciably affect weight, balance, structural strength, performance, powerplant operation, flight characteristics, or other qualities affecting airworthiness; or that is not done according to accepted practices or cannot be done by elementary operations.(2)	Minor alteration means an alteration other than a major alteration.5.	Rebuilding means to restore the aircraft, its powerplant, propeller, component or part to the applicable airworthiness standards by disassembly, cleaning, inspection, repair, reassembly, and test to the same tolerances and limits as a new item in accordance with methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to the CAA.6.	Operating limitation means the necessary limitations with concerning weight, balance, structural strength, performance, powerplant operation, flight characteristics, and quality of maneuver and equipment operation to comply with applicable airworthiness standards and maintain continued airworthiness during flight.7.	Aircraft powerplant means aircraft engine, its attachments and accessories. Aircraft engine means an engine that is used for propelling aircraft. It includes superchargers and turbines.8.	Instructions for Continued Airworthiness means the necessary airworthiness information which describe methods, techniques, and practices to perform maintenance, preventive maintenance or rebuilding to an aircraft, its powerplant, propeller, component or part.9.	Life-limited part means any part for which a mandatory replacement limit is specified in the type design, the Instructions for Continued Airworthiness, or the maintenance manual.10.	Life status means the accumulated cycles, hours, or any other mandatory replacement limit of a life-limited part.11.	Airframe means the fuselage, booms, nacelles, cowlings, fairings, airfoil surfaces (including rotors but excluding propellers and rotating airfoils of engines), and landing gear of an aircraft and their accessories and controls.Chapter 2Maintenance ManagementSection 1Provisions to perform, record, and signature during maintenance, preventive maintenance or rebuildingArticle 3　 Persons authorized to perform or approval for return to service after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alterations shall comply with provisions in Attachment 1.Those items, the performance of which is a major alteration, a major repair, or preventive maintenance, as listed in Attachment 2.Attachment 1.docAttachment 2.doc
