CHAPTER 1 GENERAL PRINCIPLESArticle 1　 This regulation is established in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 25 of the Civil Aviation Act.Article 2　 Terms used in this Regulation have the following meanings:(1) Rating. An authorization entered on or associated with a licence and forming part thereof, stating special conditions, privileges or limitations pertaining to such licence.(2) Aircraft pilot. The person conducting the flight operation of an aircraft, who is the holder of appropriate type rating and valid medical certificate.　A licensed pilot includes pilot in command and co-pilot. Pilot in command is the pilot who is fully responsible for the flight operation and safety.　Co-pilot is the pilot serving in any piloting capacity other than as Pilot in command.(3) Flight engineer. A licensed engineer who is the holder of appropriate type rating and valid medical certificate authorized to exercise privileges on an appropriate type of aircraft. The privilege includes systems management, operations and maintenance during flight time.(4) Aircraft maintenance engineer. A licensed aircraft maintenance engineer who is the holder of appropriate type rating authorized to perform duties in respect of maintenance and inspection of airframes, powerplants, or aircraft avionics systems as specified on the licence.(5) Repairman. A licensed mechanic who holds on appropriate type rating employed by airline or repair station authorized to engage in repair, modification and inspection of aircraft or parts of the aircraft.(6) Flight operation officer (flight dispatcher). A licensed specialist who holds on appropriate type rating authorized to exercise flight watch and provides flight information and all operating assistance to the pilot-in-command from the phase of preparing a flight through termination of the flight.(7) Air traffic controller. Licenced public service personnel who holds on appropriate type rating and valid medical certificate authorized to perform a safe, orderly and expeditious control service to facilitate the pilot accomplishing a flight.(8) Flight timea) Aeroplane:　The total time from the moment an aircraft first moves under its own power for the purpose of flight until the moment it comes to rest at the end of the flight.b) Helicopter: 　The total time from the moment the rotary wings start rotating until the moment the rotary wings stop rotating.c) Free balloon / Airship: 　The total time from the moment it leaves the ground for the purpose of flight until it lands after the flight.d) Glider: 　The total time from the moment it starts moving, regardless whether being towed, for the purpose of flight, until the moment it comes to rest at the end of flight.(9) Instrument flight time. Time during which a pilot is piloting an aircraft solely by instruments and without external reference points.(10) Cross-country flight. The distance from a point where an aircraft takes off to a point where it lands is no less than 30 kilometers.(11) Flight simulator. A CAA certificated or approved ground apparatus, which provides an accurate representation of flight deck of a particular aircraft type to the extent that the performance and flight characteristics of that type of aircraft are realistically simulated.(12) Flight instructor.　A licensed pilot, qualified to act as a flight instructor and perform instruction duties in a CAA approved airman training school (institute).(13) Instructor pilot.　A pilot conducts flight instruction in an organization other than institutes referred to by the above (13).(14) Airship.　power-driven, lighter-than-air aircraft.(15) Free balloon.　non-power-driven, one lighter-than-air manned aircraft, includes gas Free balloon and hot-air Free balloon.(16) Glider.　An aircraft which is not power-driven, heavier-than-air, derives its lift in flight from aerodynamic reaction on surfaces that remain fixed under given conditions of flight.Article 3　 When airman candidates who satisfactorily pass written and practical examination and meet the requirements established by aviation authorities, CAA shall issue appropriate related rating. The forenamed examinations may be delegated by CAA to appropriate institute or agency.Article 4　 Applicant for airman rating shall provide the following documents:(1) Airman application form.(2) Photo copy of identification card or passport.(3) Various kinds of airman application qualification information.(4) Other CAA published information.The above prescribed items (3) and (4) are listed in Attachment 1.Attachment 1.doc
