Article 1
The regulations are stipulated in accordance with the 2nd Paragraph, Article 26 of International Airport Park Development Act. Article 2
In applying for operating an Airport Zone enterprise, the applicant shall be a private/public enterprise, which is a corporate juristic person organized or branch office set by a foreign company, and signs contracts with the State-run International Airport Park Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Airport Corporation). Article 3
The business scopes of applying for operating an Airport Zone enterprise are included passenger transportation, freight transportation, logistics, commercial business, hotels business, finance and insurance, conference and exhibition, retail sales, leisure and entertainment, information and communication dissemination, medical health care, estate management service, aviation related industry business and others provided the airport support services or facilities. Article 4
In applying for operating an Airport Zone enterprise, the applicant shall request Ministry of Transportation and Communications through the Airport Corporation for permission by submitting a business plan and the following documents in duplicate:1. Domestic company : the certificate of incorporation;2. Foreign company : the certificate of incorporation, or recognition documents if the foreign company setting up a branch office.3. The relevant evidentiary documents; if the business activities to be conducted require a special approval.The business plan as described in the preceding paragraph shall include the following particulars:1. a description of proposed business activities and an analysis of investment effectiveness;2.the work place and the personnel allocation;The credentials required to be submitted by a foreign company as stated in Item 2, Paragraph 1 of this Article hereof shall be authenticated by an embassy, consulate, or representative office of ROC, or other institute or office authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, if such credentials are issued in a foreign country. Where such credentials are issued in ROC, they shall be authenticated by the foreign embassy or consulate stationed in ROC, or a foreign institution stationed in ROC as authorized by the foreign government and concurred by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of ROC. Article 5
Ministry of Transportation and Communications may send personnel to initiate necessary inspection on the business operation of, and the utilization of equipment by Airport Zone enterprises, and the changes made thereto. Airport Zone enterprises shall provide the documents in connection with its business, finance, bookkeeping report form and other related documents. Article 6
In the event that an Airport Zone Enterprise changes of business activities shall present all relevant documents to the Airport Corporation to obtain permission from Ministry of Transportation and Communications.In the event that an Airport Zone enterprise changes its organization, corporate name or any other registered particulars, it shall, within 30 days after completing the company amendment registration, report the same to the Airport Corporation for its file and recordation. Article 7
In the event that the application documents submitted by an Airport Zone enterprise is found to contain false or incorrect statement, or to have obtained an operation permit by any other improper means, the Airport Corporation shall submit the nullification of its permission to the Ministry of Transportation and Communications . Article 8
In the event that an Airport Zone enterprise goes out of business, closes down business or gives up its operation permission, should submit to the Airport Corporation by written propose before 30 days, and reports the Ministry of Transportation and Communications by the Airport Corporation to abolish its permission. Article 9
Statements, forms and tables required to be prepared and submitted by Airport Zone Enterprises shall be stipulated and published by the Airport Corporation. Article 10
The Ministry of Transportation and Communications shall determine the enforcement date of this Act. 
