Article 1
The following regulations are enacted in accordance with the R.O.C. Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Ports, section 33, subsection 4. Article 2
Individuals, vehicles and goods must be accompanied by appropriate permit credentials and submit to inspection at a perimeter checkpoint before being allowed into or out of the Port of Kaohsiung’s Free Trade Zone (hereafter, “KFTZ”).　Individuals and vehicles must display an entry/exit permit, issued and administered by the Kaohsiung Harbor Bureau, MOTC (hereafter, “KHB”) when entering or leaving the KFTZ.　Those holding still valid Port of Kaohsiung transit permits may use these to enter and exit the KFTZ.　Goods may pass into or out of the KFTZ only when accompanied by relevant permit documentation. Article 3
The various KFTZ entry / exit permits are named and defined as follows:a. KFTZ Entry/Exit Permit (Long-Term): for persons whose work necessitates regular access to the KFTZ.b. KFTZ Vehicle Access Permit (Long-Term): for vehicles that, due to business in the KFTZ, require regular access to the Free Trade Zone.c. KFTZ Entry/Exit Permit (Limited Duration): for persons whose work requires access to the KFTZ for a limited period of time.d. KFTZ Vehicle Access Permit (Limited Duration): for vehicles requiring short-term access to the KFTZ for valid business reasons.e. KFTZ Entry/Exit Permit (Temporary Pass): for persons requiring temporary access to the KFTZ for business or some other discrete activity.f. Vehicle Access Permit (Temporary Pass): for vehicles requiring temporary access to the KFTZ in the conduct of business or some other discrete activity. Article 4
Individuals in the following categories are eligible to apply for Long-Term KFTZ Entry / Exit Permits:a. Employees of either the international port or Free Trade Zone administrations who, in the course of their work, require frequent access to the KFTZ.b. Employees of public agencies, port service providers and companies with their place of business within the KFTZ.c. Other personnel requiring long-term and regular access to the KFTZ.Individuals in the following categories are eligible to apply for Limited Duration KFTZ Entry / Exit Permits:a. Employees assigned to limited-term construction, repair or maintenance projects within the KFTZ.b. Employees of firms contracted to do work for public agencies, port service providers or companies located within the KFTZ and who consequently require access to the KFTZ.c. Other personnel requiring access to the KFTZ for a limited duration of time.An applicant data sheet (for standardized format, see appendices 1 and 2) must accompany requests for long-term and limited duration access permits.　The sponsoring agency (or company) should forward completed applications to the KFTZ administration for review. Application for KFTZ EntryExit Permit (Limited Duration).docApplication for KFTZ EntryExit Permit （Long-Term ）.doc 
