Article 1
This Regulation is established in accordance with the provisions in Paragraph 3 of Article 78 of the Civil Aviation Act (hereinafter referred to as this Act). Article 2
Foreign aircraft operating within ROC territory may be divided into the following six categories according to the nature of their operations:1. Foreign scheduled aircraft, inbound or outbound, taking off and/or landing, and loading and unloading passengers, cargo and mail.2. Foreign scheduled aircraft, inbound or outbound, taking off and/or landing without loading or unloading passengers, cargo and mail.3. Foreign scheduled aircraft conducting overflights of the ROC.4. Foreign non-scheduled aircraft, inbound or outbound, taking off and/or landing, and loading and unloading passengers, cargo and mail.5. Foreign non-scheduled aircraft, inbound or outbound, taking off and/or landing without loading or unloading passengers, cargo and mail.6. Foreign non-scheduled aircraft conducting overflights of the ROC.7. Foreign private aircraft engaging in flights of non-profit activities in the territory of the ROC. Article 3
Application to conduct operations set forth in Item 1 of Article 2 shall be processed in accordance with pertinent provisions of This Law and the Regulations of Foreign Civil Air Transport Enterprise. Article 4
The following five items, along with application for approval to conduct operations set forth in Item 2 of Article 2, shall be submitted to the Civil Aeronautics Administration (hereinafter referred to as CAA) seven working days before starting the scheduled service:1. Nature of operation;2. Name of aircraft operator;3. Aircraft type and country of registry;4. Proposed airport of landing in the ROC; and5. Proposed schedule. Article 5
The following five items, along with application to conduct operations set forth in Item 3 of Article 2 shall be submitted to Air Navigation and Weather Services of CAA (hereafter referred as the ANWS) for approval by the aircraft operator or its authorized agent, seven working days before starting the schedule service.1. Nature of operation;2. Name of aircraft operator;3. Aircraft type and country of registry;4. Estimated time of entering and departing the ROC Flight Information Region; and5. Proposed schedule. Article 6
Applications for approval to conduct operations set forth in Items 4 and 5 of Article 2 for foreign civil air transport enterprise shall be processed in accordance with the Regulations of Foreign Civil Air Transport Enterprise. For the other applicants, an application for approval (see Attachment 1) shall be completed and filed with CAA two workdays prior to the proposed date of entry to or exit from ROC. Attachment 1.doc 
