Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This Act is enacted to enforce traffic control, maintain traffic order, and ensure traffic safety.Article 2　 Traffic control, fines, and penalties are governed by the Act; matters not prescribed by the Act shall be determined by other laws or regulations.Article 3　 Definitions for terms used in the Act:1. Roadways: All highways, streets, lanes, alleys, squares, arcades, hallways, or other passageways for public use.2. Vehicle lanes: Roadways with dividers, guard rails, or markings; and other roadways for vehicles.3. Sidewalks: Arcades, hallways and ground-level roadways designated for pedestrian use; pedestrian bridges, and underpasses marked for pedestrian use.4. Pedestrian crossings: Parts of roadways designated by markings for pedestrian use.5. Signs: Boards with text or drawings indicating warnings, prohibitions, and instructions for road traffic control.6. Markings: Lines, symbols, or words marked on road surfaces or other facilities to indicate warnings, prohibitions, and instructions for road traffic control.7. Signals: Hand gestures, colored lights, sounds, and text that illustrate instructions for road traffic control such as go, caution, and stop.8. Vehicles: Cars (including motorcycles) powered by a prime mover, slow-moving vehicles and other motor vehicles on roadways not including the vehicles powered by electricity installed on rails.9. Mass rapid transit system vehicles: Exclusive power driven vehicles referred to the Mass Rapid Transit Act.10. Temporary parking: When vehicles stop or remain idle for less than 3 minutes to load or unload passengers or goods, and are ready to depart at any time.11. Parking: When vehicles park along both sides of a roadway or in a parking lot, and are not ready to depart.Article 4　 The placement and management of road traffic signs, markings, signals, and other related equipment shall be used to facilitate travel and ensure traffic safety by providing vehicle drivers, mass rapid transit system vehicle drivers, and pedestrians with warnings, prohibitions, instructions, and other information related to road conditions.Drivers of vehicles, mass rapid transit system vehicles, and pedestrians on roadways shall follow the instructions, warnings, and prohibitive regulations as provided by road traffic signs, markings, and signals, as well as directions given by traffic officers or personnel directing and inspecting traffic pursuant to laws and regulations.Regulations regarding matters such as instructions, warnings, prohibitive regulations, designs, methods of display, placement standards and placement locations for the aforementioned road traffic signs, markings, and signals shall be determined by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereafter “MOTC”) in conjunction with the Ministry of the Interior (hereafter “MOI”).Vehicle drivers, mass rapid transit system vehicle drivers, and pedestrians who violate paragraph 2 and cause people injuries or deaths, or have others cause injuries or deaths, shall be subjected to criminal liability, traffic officers or personnel directing and inspecting traffic pursuant to laws and regulations are excluded .Article 5　 To maintain road traffic safety and ensure traffic moving smoothly, roadway or police authorities may declare orders with respect to the following matters when necessary:1. Prohibiting or restricting vehicles and pedestrians from entering certain routes or certain sections thereof; prohibiting vehicles and pedestrians from crossing roadways, long term parking or temporary parking.2. Designating pedestrian zones.Article 6　 In the event of an incident occurs and traffic or pedestrian volume increases significantly on roadways that might stop or disrupt traffic, police authorities or traffic officers shall temporary re-locate, stop, or limit the usage of lanes for vehicles or pedestrians.Article 7　 Traffic condition inspection and traffic violation recording shall be conducted by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations.The aforementioned inspection can be conducted by traffic assistants work with traffic police officers, or work independently for handling illegal parking; regulations regarding the recruitment, training, and enforcement of traffic assistants shall be determined by the MOI in conjunction with the MOTC.Article 7-1　 Members of the general public shall submit factual accounts, evidence, and information regarding any person who violates this Act to the competent roadway authorities or police offices; the agencies shall accuse the person with the violation upon confirmation. However, violations happened after 7 days of occurred may exempt from accusing by authorities.Article 7-2　 A car driver shall receive a citation, not necessary at the scene, if the driver violates the following regulations:1. Running a red light or railroad crossing.2. Cutting off a pedestrian at a pedestrian crossing.3. Failing to pay the parking fee as it should be.4. Does not follow the direction of officers at the scene and ran away, or without yielding the right of way to fire trucks, ambulances, police cars, rescue vehicles, or emergency response vehicles for a toxi chemical substance disaster or accident upon sirens sound.5. Illegal parking or cutting off a pedestrian crossing, as reported by an on-site crossing guard of schools.6. Failing to pay toll or weight at a toll plaza or a weight station.7. Any violation can be proved by the scientific instruments.The installation locations of the scientific instruments referred to Subparagraph 7 of the above paragraph must be announced and updated on the website. However, the following committed offenses by a car driver are not subject to this requirement:1. Zigzagging or other dangerous maneuvers by a car or car racing/competition in groups.2. Driving on road shoulder.3. Illegal cross passing other vehicles.4. Illegal parking and drivers leaving the scene.5. Violating lane use restriction.6. Changing lanes without following the safety rules.7. Failing to maintain a safe driving distance.8. Crossing over the no-crossing or channelizing lines.9. Violating the maximum or minimum speed limits.10. Car drivers or passengers failing to buckle up their seatbelts as required by law.11. Motorcycle riders or passengers failing to wear helmets as required by law.For the offense referred to in Subparagraph 9, the stationary or non-stationary scientific instrument used to obtain the charging evidence shall be clearly marked within a distance of 100 to 300 meters on a roadway or 300 to 1,000 meters on a freeway or highway. The same standard shall be applied to the location where a violator citation is issued.Any citation for violations referred to in Paragraph 1 shall include the vehicle’s license plate number, model, and other identifiable information; and the citation shall be issued in the name of the vehicle’s owner.Article 7-3　 Mass rapid transit system vehicle drivers have any citation for violations referred to Article7-2 Paragraph 1 the citation shall be issued in the name of the operation of mass rapid transit system operator, and the citation shall provide the location, time, route, and other identifiable information.Article 8　 Punishments for violations under this Act shall be enforced by the following authorities:1. Articles 12 to 68 and Paragraphs 7 and 8 of Article 92 shall be enforced by the competent roadway authorities.2. Articles 69 to 84 shall be enforced by police authorities.Before an official charge can be issued under the aforementioned paragraphs, violators shall be given the opportunity to make a statement.The competent roadway authorities shall set up a traffic violation charging office to handle the charges under Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1; its relevant organizational procedures shall be determined by the MOTC and the municipal governments.Article 8-1　 For mass rapid transit system vehicles driving on the sharing road lanes, if the mass rapid transit system vehicle drivers violate the regulations in Chaptor II shall be punished according to each response regulations.Article 9　 Violators of this Act shall pay the fines under the regulations directly to the designated administrative unit(s) within 30 days upon receiving notice of road traffic violations as provided by Paragraph 4 of Article 92 and close the case. Violators disagree with the facts of the citation shall file a claim to the charging authority within 30 days upon receiving notice. Should an individual fail to report to a designated administrative office before the deadline as specified in the notice, pay the relevant fine on time, or file claims within the time limit as prescribed by the regulations, the charging authority shall determine the charge directly.Part of the fines prescribed in the Act shall be used as special funds to improve road traffic safety and order. Regulations regarding the fund allocation, appropriation ratio, and application shall be determined by the MOTC in conjunction with the MOI and the Ministry of Finance.Article 9-1　 Car owners and drivers must pay all fines for violations detailed in Chapters II and III of the Act before they may process to transfer vehicle ownership, suspend / recover / hand over / revoke plate, and license plate applications with the roadway supervisory authority.Article 10 　 Any vehicle owners, drivers, pedestrians, or persons who impede traffic and thereby violate road traffic regulations and are subjected to criminal liability according to laws shall be sent to the respective local prosecutor offices, district juvenile courts, or military authorities.Article 11 　 Military vehicles and vehicle drivers shall follow the road traffic regulations as prescribed by the Act and obey the directions given by the traffic police officers and military police.Chapter II CarsArticle 12 　 In the event of any of the followings, car owners shall be fined from NT,600 to NT0,800 and shall be prohibited from driving:1. Operating a vehicle without license plates.2. Operating a self- assembled vehicle without license plates or any vehicle that has altered its specifications or purpose of use after its license plates were issued.3. Operating a vehicle with forged or altered license plates or with license plates applied/obtained using a fake ID.4. Operating a vehicle with revoked or void license plates.5. Lending license plates to drivers of other vehicles, or using license plates from other vehicles.6. Operating a vehicle after its license plate has been suspended.7. Failing to display license plates or failing to affix license plates in designated locations.8. Operating a vehicle without license plates or a vehicle that has had its license plate for cancellation, suspension, revoked, or void.9. Operating a vehicle declared no longer operation.10. Failing to apply renewing license plates for lost with the competent roadway authorities or continuing to operate a vehicle after receiving a citation for said failure.Vehicles described in Subparagraph 1 of the above paragraph that have not get the type approval certificate according to Highway Act as well as any vehicles described in Subparagraphs 2 and 9 shall be confiscated. License plates of vehicles described in Subparagraphs 3 and 4 shall be withheld, and license plates of vehicles described in Subparagraphs 5 through 7 shall be revoked.Cars described in Subparagraphs 4, 6, and 8 of Paragraph 1 shall be confiscated at scene and detained by the authorities; notices shall be issued to owners who may claim the cars within a prescribed period of time.Car drivers shall be fined according to Paragraph 1 the license plates shall be withheld, and the car shall be removed from the scene and detained by the authorities when a vehichle is discovered parking without effective license plates.Article 13 　 In the event of any of the followings, car owners shall be fined from NT,400 to NT,800, and required to apply new license plates or make corrections:1. License plates damaged, altered, or rendered unrecognizable as a result of installing other devices.2. Alteration of the number of passengers, loading weight, or gross weight marked on passenger vehicles or trucks which does not match the approved amounts.3. Engine numbers or vehicle identification numbers not marked on the registered positions or match the modal as registration.Article 14 　 Driving a car shall carry the vehicle licenses, certificates for trailers, or certificates for back up engines within the vehicle at all times.In the event of any of the following, car owners shall be fined from NT00 to NT00 and shall be required to make corrections, apply for renewing of license plates, or stop driving:1.License plates lost or broken and failing to report to the competent roadway authorities for applying new or replacing ones.2.Failing to keep license plates clean or cover the license plates by things to block observation, unless it is caused by not avoidable roadway situations such as rain, snow or other nature disasters.Article 15 　 In the event of any of the followings, car owners or users shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Failing to replace license plates within a certain time period as notified and without applying extension but continue to use the cars.2. Failing to return test-drive or temporary license plates before the expiration date.3. Using test-drive or temporary license plates for commercial passenger or cargo operation.4. Using test-drive license plates to drive a vehicle outside the designated routes or areas.5. Continuing to operate cars or trailers with expired license plates.For Subparagraph 1 of the above paragraph, upon a second notice and still fails to renew the license plates before expired, the license plate registration shall be cancelled.; license plates described in Subparagraphs 2 and 3 shall be withheld and cancelled; violators described in Subparagraph 4 shall be required to make corrections; license plates described in Subparagraph 5 shall be withheld and required to be replaced.Article 16 　 In the event of any of the followings, car owners shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Various vehicle alterations without reporting and recording as required by the regulations.2. A vehicle’s lights (besides headlights), windshields, horns, rear mirrors, pipes, mufflers or other equipment are missing or not be fixed when damaged; or adding, removing, or altering of the original designs in a manner that endanger the safety of the vehicle.3. Failing to display required identifications on vehicles.4. Failing to install taxi meters, roof lights, or holders for commercial registration cards in a taxi as required by the regulations; or installing not qualified sun reflective paper on the front and rear windows of a taxi.5. Installing high-volume speakers or other devices that make noises.For offenses described in Subparagraphs 1 through 4 of the above paragraph, corrections shall be made and sun reflective paper shall be removed; for offenses described in Subparagraph 5, car owners shall be charged the maximum fine, and the high-volume speakers or other noise-producing devices shall be confiscated.Article 17 　 Car owners failing to conduct regular or temporary inspections before the deadline shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800. If the expiration is more than 1 month, the license plates shall be suspended. Until passing the inspections, the license plates can be returned. If the expiration is more than 6 months, the license plates shall be revoked.License plates for cars that fail to pass inspections and fail to apply for re-inspection within 1 month, or fail to pass re-inspection, shall be suspended.Article 18 　 Car owners who fail to apply to the competent roadway authorities for temporary inspection and continues to operate a car that has undergone alterations or changes to major components such as car body, engine, chassis, or electronic system or that has been repaired for severe damage due to traffic accidents shall be fined from NT,400 to NT,600 and requested to do inspection.Should the car owner violate the above provisions twice or more within a year, its license plates shall be suspended for 3 months. Should the license plates be suspended twice within 3 years and the owner commit the above offenses again, the license plates shall be revoked.Article 18-1　 Car owners operating a car without tachograph that is legally required shall be fined from NT2,000 to NT4,000.Cars with malfunctioning tachograph without been repaired and continue to be used, their owners shall be fined from NT,000 to NT8,000.Car owners who fail to maintain the data collected by the tachograph or operate the tachograph in proper ways and result in the tachograph can not well function as required, shall be fined from NT,000 to NT2,000.Violators shall be requested to do temporarily inspections.Article 19 　 Should a car with a brake that is not adjusted properly and effective or an unstable steering wheel continue to be used, the car owner shall be fined from NT,800 to NT,600 and the car owner shall be required to adjust or repair said devices.Article 20 　 Should a car with a damaged engine, chassis, electronic system, or doors and apparently result in safety concern, but continue to be operated without repaired, the owner shall be fined from NT,800 to NT,600, and its license plates shall be withheld until the vehicle being repaired and passed inspection. Any vehicle that has failed in inspection and verified as no longer usable shall be requested to be condemned.Article 21 　 In the event of any of the followings, car drivers shall be fined from NT,000 to NT2,000, and shall be prohibited from driving right at scene:1. Operating a small car or motorcycle without a driver license.2. Operating a small car with a motorcycle license.3. Operating a small car or motorcycle using a fake or altered license, or a license obtained by unlawful manners.4. Operating a small car or motorcycle with a driver’s license that has been revoked or cancelled.5. Operating a small car or motorcycle while the driver’s license is suspended.6. Holding a learning permit and driving a vehicle outside the designated training site without the guidance of a licensed driver.7. Holding a learning permit and driving a vehicle outside the designated training sites on not approved roads or at not approved time periods.8. Working as a driving instructor without a driver license.9. Operating a vehicle in a manner that violates the regulations prescribed for driver’s license holders.Regulations mentioned in Subparagraph 9 of the above paragraph shall be determined by the MOTC.Car drivers under the age of 18 that violate Subparagraph 1 or 3 of Paragraph 1 shall take road traffic safety lessons, so do their legal representatives or guardians.The driver licenses as described in Subparagraphs 3 and 4 of Paragraph 1 shall be withheld, and the driver licenses as described in Subparagraph 5 shall be revoked.Should a car owner allow an illegal driver as defined in Subparagraphs 1 through 5 of Paragraph 1 to drive, shall be fined as stipulated in Paragraph 1, and a traffic violation shall be recorded for said car. The car owner may exempt in the event that he/she has tried his/her best to verify the driver’s eligibility to operate the car and still can not prevent the violation from happen.Article 21-1　 In the event of any of the followings while driving a trailer, bus, or truck, both the car owners and drivers shall be fined from NT0,000 to NT0,000 and be prohibited from driving at scene:1. Operating the vehicle without a driver license.2. Operating the vehicle with only a motorcycle driver license.3. Operating the vehicle with only a small car driver license.4. Operating a bus or trailer with only a truck driver license, or operating a trailer with only a bus driver license.5. Operating a vehicle with a revoked or cancelled driver license.6. Operating a vehicle using a counterfeit or altered driver license, or a license obtained by unlawful manners.7. Operating a vehicle while the driver license is suspended.The driver licenses detailed in Subparagraphs 5 and 6 of the above paragraph shall be withheld, and the driver licenses detailed in Subparagraph 7 shall be revoked.Should any of the above occur, a traffic violation shall be recorded for said vehicle.The car owner may be exempt from penalty under the condition that he/she has tried his/her best to verify the driver’s eligibility to operate the vehicle and still can not prevent the violation from happening.Article 22 　 In the event of any of the followings, car drivers shall be fined from NT,800 to NT,600 and be prohibited from driving:1. Operating a commercial vehicle with a general driver license.2. Working as a professional driver with a general driver license.3. Operating non-military vehicles with a military driver license.4. Operating a heavy motorcycle with a driver license for trailers, buses, truck, or small car.5. Operating a large heavy motorcycle with a general heavy motorcycle license.6. Operating a general heavy motorcycle with a light motorbike license.7. Operating vehicles with an expired driver license.For the offenses detailed in Subparagraph 7, the driver’s license shall be withheld.Should a car owner allow an illegal driver as defined in Paragraph 1 to drive, he/she shall be fined as stipulated in Paragraph 1 and a traffic violation shall be recorded for said vehicle. The owner may exempt from penalty under the condition that he/she has tried his/her best to verify the driver’s eligibility to operate the vehicle and still can not prevent the violation from happen.Article 23 　 In the event of any of the followings, the driver license for a car driver shall be suspended for 3 months:1. Lending a driver license for use by another person.2. Allowing vehicles to be operated by a person without a driver license.Article 24 　 In the event of any of the followings, car drivers shall be required to take road traffic safety lessons:1. Having a driver license revoked for a violation that result in a traffic accident.2. Any offense detailed in Paragraph 1 of Article 35.3. Any offense detailed in Article 43.4. Any offense detailed in Article 54.5. Any offense detailed in the first part of Paragraph 3 of Article 63 and result in the driver license been suspended.6. Any other behaviors that violate this Act and the competent roadway authority decides that it is necessary to take lessons to enhance traffic safety in the jurisdiction. The decision shall be announced in advance.Competent roadway authorities may, due to major amendments to traffic laws or traffic safety measures, require professional car drivers to attend road traffic safety lessons if necessary.Should a car driver be required to attend road traffic safety lessons as detailed in all subparagraphs of Paragraph 1, a subparagraph of Paragraph 2, or elsewhere specific by this Act and fail to attend without a legitimate reason, he/she shall be fined NT,800. Should the driver fail to attend lessons within 6 months upon a second notification, his/her driver license shall be suspended for 6 months.If a driver does not have a driver license to be suspended as described in the previous paragraph, upon he/she receiving a new driver license, that driver license shall still be suspended for 6 months.Article 25 　 Car operators shall carry their driver licenses while driving cars at all times.In the event of any of the following, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT00, and be required to re-register, renew a license, apply for a new license, or be prohibited from driving:1. Legally changing his/her name, date of birth, or address without reporting to the competent traffic authority with the new information.2. Failing to apply a new driver license or applying a new driver license exceeds the prescribed deadline.Article 26 　 Should a professional car driver fail to have his/her driver licenses reviewed within the designated time period, he/she shall be fined from NT00 to NT00; if it exceeds over 1 year from the designated time, he/she driver license shall be revoked without notice.The professional car driver whose driver license has been revoked as detailed in the above paragraph may apply a general driver license as the same level of vehicle.Article 27 　 Should a car pass a toll highway or bridge and the car owner or driver fails to pay the required toll, the owner or driver shall make payment as receive a written notice from the competent authority. Should the owner or driver fail to make payment before the expiration date, he/she shall be fined NT00.Should a car run its way through the toll booth to avoid paying as it shall be, the car owner or driver shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000 and shall still pay the toll.Because of the offense behavior specified above and results in injury or death to any person who is executing toll collection, his/her driver license shall be revoked.Article 28 　 (annulled )Article 29 　 In the event of any of the following conditions concerning the loading of goods, car owners shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000 and be required to correct the situation or be prohibited from driving:1. Carrying goods that exceeds the prescribed length, width, or height limits.2. Carrying goods that exceeds the prescribed weight, length, width, or height limits without applying permission or without displaying hazardous warning signs.3. Carrying hazardous materials without applying permission or without putting hazardous warning signs as required, using a tank truck with a tank that has not been certified and approved, operation personnel do not have a qualify professional training, or failing to follow relevant safety regulations.4. Failing to follow the regulations about carrying goods on a truck or tractor-trailer.5. Failing to follow the regulations about installing hauling devices or attaching trailers.6. Carrying containers exceeds the body of the vehicle’s body, or failing to install an interlocking system as required.7. Driving with a trailer without a permit.Cars carrying goods which violate the regulations as provided in Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of the preceding paragraph shall be charged with 1 traffic violation.For car drivers held responsible for the offenses as described in Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of Paragraph 1, besides taking a fine under Paragraph 1, and charging with traffic violation points under Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 63, the car owners shall also be charged with 1 traffic violation under said regulations.Should the offense detailed in Paragraph 1 result in injury, the driver’s license shall be suspended for 1 year. Should said offense result in serious injury or death, the driver’s license shall be revoked.Article 29-1　 In the event of carrying sand, stone or soil not by a designated vehicle, or the vehicle’s trunk does not comply with the regulations, or has been altered, the vehicle’s owner shall be fined from NT0,000 to NT0,000, and said vehicle shall be prohibited from driving at scene.Any business which in responsible of the production or alteration of said violating vehicle shall be fined from NT0,000 to NT0,000.Article 29-2　 Should a car carry goods exceed its prescribed limit of gross weight or gross combination load, the vehicle’s owner shall be fined and charged with 1 traffic violation. In the event that the car driver is found responsible, the driver shall be fined under Paragraph 3 and charged with traffic violation points under Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 63; and the car shall also be charged with 1traffic violation. Should a car carry goods to cross a bridge and exceed its weight limit the driver shall be fined. When the car’s owner is found liable, he/she shall be fined and charged with 1 violation under Paragraph 3; and the car driver shall be charged with 2 traffic violation points under Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 63.For situations described in above two paragraphs, corrections shall be made right at scenes, before adjustment completion the vehicle shall be prohibited from proceeding, and a fine of NT0,000 shall be charged; in the case of loads exceeding the weight limit by no more than 10 tons, a fine of NT,000 shall be charged for each ton that exceeds the limit; in the case of loads exceeding the weight limit by 10 to 20 tons, a fine of NT,000 shall be charged for each ton that exceeds the limit; in the case of loads exceeding the weight limit by 20 to 30 tons, a fine of NT,000 shall be charged for each ton that exceeds the limit; and in the case of loads exceeding the weight limit by over 30 tons, a fine of NT,000 shall be charged for each ton that exceeds the limit. Fractions of 1 ton shall be rounded up to 1 ton.Should a vehicle driver carrying goods enters the road section within 1 kilometer front of a weight station and fails to follow instructions to enter the scales as provided by relevant road traffic signs, markings, or signals, or given instructions by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations, the driver shall be fined NT0,000 and forced to enter the scales.Should the offense detailed in Paragraph 1 or 2 result in injury, his/her driver license shall be suspended for 1 year. Should said offense result in persons serious injury or death, his/her driver license shall be revoked.Article 29-3　 Any person responsible for transporting hazardous goods shall undergo training by a professional training institution certified by the MOTC and receive a certificate of training completion before operating a vehicle carrying hazardous goods.Regulations regarding matters such as professional training, qualifications for professional training institutes, permission for training, training sites, training equipment, course design, format of completion certificates, period of validity for training, auditing, management, and other details for the professional personnel training listed in Paragraph 1 shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with relevant authorities.When a driver license is revoked according to the regulations of this Act, the training certificate belonging to said license holder as described in Paragraph 1 shall be canceled, too; and the driver may not apply for another license within a certain time period in accordance with Article 67.Should a professional training institute undertaking the personnel training of hazardous goods transportation fails to follow regulations regarding training, issuing certificates, or other matters, said institute shall be ordered to cease training for a period of 3 to 6 months or have the training permission cancelled depending on circumstances.Any training certificates issued in a manner as detailed in the above paragraph are invalid. Any training institute that has its permission to hold training courses been cancelled may not reapply for such permission within a period of 3 years.Article 29-4　 Tank trucks carrying atmospheric pressure liquid tanks shall pass inspection by a MOTC-approved body inspection institute and receive a certificate of inspection qualification before carrying hazardous goods.Regulations regarding matters such as inspection, qualifications for body inspection, inspection licenses, conditions for inspection sites, inspection instruments and equipments, qualifications for inspection personnel, inspection standards, format for inspection certificates, period of validity for inspections, auditing, and other binding matters for atmospheric liquid tanks as detailed in the above paragraph shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with relevant authorities.Should a body inspection institute responsible for atmospheric pressure liquid tanks fail to follow regulations in inspecting said tanks and in issuing inspection certificates or fail to follow other regulations regarding inspections, said agency shall be ordered to cease inspections for a period of 3 to 6 months or have its license cancelled, depending on the violation situations.Any inspection certificates issued as detailed in the above paragraph are invalid. The body inspection institute that is charged with license revoked can not apply the license permission for 3 years.Article 30 　 In the event of any of the following conditions concerning the loading of goods, car drivers shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000; be required to make corrections; or be prohibited from driving:1. Carrying goods that exceed the weight, length, width, or height limits without special admission; or fail to follow regulations regarding designated routes and times.2. Carrying goods that leaking, scattering, or spraying foul odor.3. Carrying more workers than as permitted by the regulations, or failing to follow the regulations regarding passenger seating.4. Exceeding the approved number of passengers. This does not apply to public buses carrying passengers with a gross weight that meets the approved limits during rush hour.5. Exceeding the approved number of passengers in the front seat of a small passenger car or driver’s cabin of a truck.6. Carrying passengers outside the vehicle cabin.7. Failing to properly secure passengers and goods and apparently cause safety concern.8. Failing to bring any of the followings: special permission for in carrying hazardous goods; proof of inspection for a tank on a tank truck; operation training certificate; or failing to follow the regulations regarding designated routes and time.Should a car owner be held responsible for any of the offenses above, he/she shall be fined and charged with 1 traffic violation; the car driver shall also be charged with 2 traffic violation points under Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 63.Should the offenses detailed in Paragraph 1 or 2 result in injury, the driver license shall be suspended for 1 year. Should said offenses result in serious injury or death, the driver license shall be revoked.Article 31 　 Should a car driver or passengers in front seat of a car or back seats of a small car fail to fasten their seatbelts as required by regulations, the driver shall be fined NT,500. In the case of a large commercial passenger car, a taxi or a rental car with a hired driver, if the driver already informs the passengers of their seatbelt obligation, and the passengers still fail to fasten the seatbelt, the fine shall be levied on the passengers instead. The correct method to use the seatbelt, measures for enforcement, and measures for dealing with cases where a seatbelt cannot be fastened for special reasons, promotion of said measures, and other relevant matters shall be determined by the MOTC.Should a driver operate a car on freeways or expressways and violate the above regulations, he/she shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000. In the case of a large commercial passenger vehicle, a taxi, or a rental car with a hired driver where the driver has already inform the passengers of their seatbelt obligation, and the passenger still fail to fasten the seatbelt, the fine shall be levied on the passenger instead.Should a driver of a small car fail to place children in a child seats, he/she shall be fined from NT,500 to NT,000. Regulations regarding placing said children properly, the promotion of such practices, and other relevant matters shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI and other relevant authorities.Should a driver leave a child under 6 years of age or a child in need of special care alone in a vehicle, he/she shall be fined NT,000 and be required to take 4 hours of road traffic safety lesson.Should a motorcycle carry passengers or goods in a manner that violates regulations, the driver shall be fined from NT00 to NT00.Should a driver or passengers of a motorcycle fail to wear a helmet as required by regulations, the driver shall be fined NT00.Article 31-1　 While driving a car on roads, if the driver use the handheld mobile phones, computers, or other similarly feature devices to make calls, talks, send/receive data, or perform other operations that can inhibit the vehicle’s safe operation, he/she shall be fined NT,000.While riding a motocycle on road, if the driver uses a handheld mobile phone, computer, or other devices to make a call, talk / send / receive data, or perform other activities that can inhibit the vehicle’s safe operation, he/she shall be fined NT,000.While driving a car and riding a motorcycle on road, if the driver holds, smokes, lights the cigarette to endanger the other persons’ safety, he/she shall be fined NT00.The driver of police cars, fire trucks, or ambulances shall, when are carrying out his or her duties or permitted under other laws, be exempt from the regulations as defined in Paragraphs 1 and 2.Regulations regarding the enforcement and promotion of paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be determined by the MOTC.Article 31-2　 A child as described in Paragraph 3 of Article 31 refers to a person of 4 years or less of age and with a body weight of 18 kilograms or less.Article 32 　 For a motor-powered machine not classified as a car, should the machine be operated without a special admission as required by regulations or without the legally required driver license, the owner or driver shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000; and said machine shall be prohibited from driving.Should the driver of the machine detailed above fail to keep a special admission with him/her, he/she shall be fined NT00 and prohibited from driving.Should the machine detailed in Paragraph 1 be operated on roads, violating the regulations set forth in this chapter on cars, is subject to the same charge punishment in accordance with respective regulations.Article 32-1　 Should a moving device, a moving sports and leisure equipment, or a similar moving equipment that is classified as neither a vehicle nor a motor-powered machine be operated or used on roads, the operators or users shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,600; and said device or equipment shall be prohibited from using.Article 33 　 Should a car driver fail to follow relevant restrictions, prohibitions, traffic controls, or other regulatory matters on a freeway, a highway or a roadway with a control station and commit one of the following offenses, he/she shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000:1. Driving speed exceeds the maximum or below the minimum speed limits.2. Failing to maintain a safe driving distance.3. Driving in lanes without following the instructions or related regulations.4. Changing lanes without following the instructions or related regulations.5. Allowing passengers not to sit in seats.6. Failing to use the car’s lights as required by regulations.7. Overtaking, U-turning, reversing, or driving in the wrong direction without following the regulations.8. Slowing down, temporarily parking, or parking where it is prohibited.9. Using road shoulder not following the regulations.10. Failing to follow the instructions made by safety equipment at a work zone.11. Failing to cover or tight loaded materials as required by regulations.12. Failing to follow signs, markings, or signals.13. Entering or driving on prohibited road sections.14. Repeatedly honking the car’s horn, flashing headlights, or using other methods to force the preceding vehicles to give way.15. Tossing goods or waste from a moving vehicle.16. The tire falls off a car, the tire rubber shreds, or any part of the car falls onto the road17. Tire tread depth is not in line with the regulation.Overtaking as detailed in the above paragraph shall be done in the proper lane for overtaking. Should the driver fail to return to the original lane after overtaking where there is enough room to do so and thereby causing traffic congestion, he/she shall be fined from NT,000 to NT2,000.For any violation of traffic regulations not listed in the above two paragraphs, the driver shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200.Should people, vehicles, or motor-powered machines prohibited from driving on or entering a road section as detailed in Paragraph 1 and still to do so, shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000.Should a higher penalty be charged by different Articles in this Act for any offense in this Article will be charged following that.Regulations regarding the matters detailed in Paragraph 1 shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI.Article 34 　 Any car driver proved to be continue driving for more than 8 hours or to be so ill as to affect driving safety shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,400 and be prohibited from driving. Should the car owner be held responsible, the vehicle license plate shall be suspended for 3 months.Article 35 　 Should a test or inspection prove that any of the following offenses occurs on the driver of a car, the driver shall be fined from NT5,000 to NT0,000, the car shall be removed from the scene and be detained by the authorities, and the driver’s license shall be suspended for 1 year. In the same case, should any passenger with the age of 12 or younger in the car, or result in an accident with injuries, the driver’s license shall be suspended for 2 years; and should said accident result in serious injury or death, the driver’s license shall be revoked and be permanently prohibited from driving:1. An alcohol level exceeding the maximum tolerate standard.2. The use of drugs, hallucinogens, narcotics, and similar official controlled drugs.Should a driver operating a large commercial passenger car be found to have one of the above conditions the driver’s license shall be revoked. If said condition causing an accident, and there are passengers with age 12 or younger, the length of license suspension shall be doubled.Should a car driver violate Paragraph 1 more than twice within 5 years, the driver shall be fined NT0,000, the car shall be relocated and detained by the authorities, and the driver’s license shall be revoked. Should the driver cause an accident resulting in serious injury or death, his/her driver license shall be revoked and he/she shall be permanently prohibited from applying a new driver license and taking the test.Should a car driver pass a checkpoint set up by the police to carry the inspection as described in Paragraph 1, refuse to follow instructions to stop for inspection or refuses to take the test as described in Paragraph 1, he/she shall be fined NT0,000, the car shall be relocated and detained by the authorities, the driver’s license shall be revoked, and the driver shall be subjected to take road traffic safety lessons. Should the driver cause an accident resulting in serious injury or death, his/her driver license shall be revoked and he/she shall be permanently prohibited from applying new driver license.Should a driver result in an accident and refuse or incapable to take the test as described in Paragraph 1, the traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations shall send the driver in a mandatory manner to a medical or inspection agency to collect a blood or other body fluid sample and conduct the test.Should a car owner fail to prohibit a driver from operating a vehicle while knowing that the driver has one of the conditions as detailed in Paragraph 1, he/she shall be fined in accordance with the regulations set forth in Paragraph 1 and his/her vehicle license plates shall be suspended for 3 months.Should a driver have the conditions as detailed in Paragraph 1, 3, or 4 and is subjected to the criminal charge, he/she shall pay the necessary fine and show the receipt before reclaiming a car in custody set forth in Paragraph 2 of Article 85-2.Should the driver as detailed in the preceding paragraph receive a fine by a court, which is lower than the minimum fine as provided by Paragraph 4 of Article 92 of this Act, he/she shall still pay the difference to match the minimum fine.Article 36 　 Any taxi driver conducts business operation without registering at police authorities and obtaining the business registration certificate shall be fined from NT,500 to NT,600.Should a taxi driver who had already fined for failing to obtain a business registration certificate continue to do business without such a certificate, his/her driver’s license shall be revoked.Should a taxi driver fail to report changes on business registration or to conduct a yearly inspection within a designated time period, he/she shall be fined NT,200. Should he/she fail to report such changes for more than 6 months, his/her business registration shall be revoked.Should a taxi driver apply for business registration as detailed in the preceding paragraph, he/she can not apply a new registration within 1 year.In the event that business registration certificates as detailed in Paragraph 1 are not put in the designated holders in the car or are obstructed by things, shall be fined NT,500.Article 37 　 Any person convicted of the crime of homicide, robbery, pillage, plunder, extortion for money, kidnapping, or other crimes as specified by Articles 184, 185, and 221 to 229 of the Criminal Law; Articles 24 to 27 of the Statue for Prevention of Sexual Transactions Involving Children and Adolescents; Articles 33 to 37 of the Statue for Child and Youth Sexual Exploitation Prevention Act ;the Statue Governing the Control of Guns, Ammunition, Knives and Weapons; the Smuggling Punishment Act; or the Statue for Prevention of Narcotics; or persons given correctional penalties pursuant to the Statue Governing Seizing Mobsters shall be prohibited from applying taxi driver business registration.Should a taxi driver commit any of the crimes as specified in the previous paragraph during a valid taxi registration period, his/her business registration certificates shall be suspended after being ruled guilty in the first trial in court or given correctional penalties pursuant to the Statue Governing Seizing Mobsters. Any driver who has been convicted by a court or given correctional penalties shall have his/her commercial registration certificate canceled and his /her driver license shall be revoked.Should a taxi driver the commit crimes involving larceny, fraud, theft, obstruction of freedom, or any of the crimes specified in Articles 230 to 236 of the Criminal Law during operation and be sentenced to prison in the first trial of a court, his/her business registration certificate shall be suspended. Any driver who has been convicted by a court and sentenced to prison, his/her business registration certificate shall be canceled and his/her driver license shall be revoked.Should a taxi driver have his/her business registration certificate been suspended for reasons as specified in the preceding two paragraphs and fail to return said certificate to the issuing police authority, said certificate shall be canceled.Any taxi driver whose business registration certificate is canceled or suspended for violating the previous Article or this Article and who is subjected to take punishment from a police authority shall be exempt from the regulations said in Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 8.Any canceled business registration certificate shall be detained by the police authorities.Regulations regarding the qualifications for a taxi driver, business registration, tests, fees for joining training courses, issuing certificates, and other binding matters shall be determined by the MOI in conjuction with the MOTC.Article 38 　 Any car driver without the permission to collect passengers and thereby impede the traffic in places such as railway and highway stations or other locations with heavy traffic shall be fined from NT,500 to NT,000. Should the car in question be a large commercial passenger car, 1 traffic violation shall be charged for that vehicle.Should a taxi driver refuse to serve passengers without reasonable reasons or take a detour on purpose, he/she shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200.Article 39 　 On any roadway without center line markings, a car driver failing to operate the vehicle on the right hand side of the road shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200; driving on a one-way street or following the regulations in the process of overtaking other vehicles shall be exempt from this Article.Article 40 　 Any car driver who operates a car at a speed above the maximum or below the minimum speed limits shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,400 beside in the circumstances as detailed in Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 43.Article 41 　 Any car driver who honks the horn not following the car regulations or at a volume exceeding the designated limits shall be fined from NT00 to NT00.Article 42 　 Any car driver who uses the lights not following the regulations shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,600.Article 43 　 In the event of any of the followings, the car driver shall be fined from NT,000 to NT4,000 and prohibited from driving:1. Zigzagging or operating the vehicle in other dangerous manners.2. Exceeding the maximum speed limit by 60 km/hr or more.3. Tailgating, changing lanes without notifying, or forcing other vehicles to give their way by inappropriate manners.4. Suddenly cutting speed, braking or stopping in a lane not in an emergency situation.5. Removing mufflers or making noise by other means.Should a driver commit one of the offenses described above and thereby result in an accident, his/her driver license shall be revoked.When two or more vehicles in a group violate the regulations as specified in Paragraph 1 or drivers engage in speed racing or competitions on roadways, each driver shall be fined from NT0,000 to NT0,000 and prohibited from driving right at scene; and his/her driver licenses shall be revoked.Drivers have the violations as detailed in Subparagraph 1 or 2 of Paragraph 1 or any of the regulations listed above shall have their vehicle license plates suspended for 3 months. Should a driver who had his/her license plates suspended and continue to violate Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1 or said regulations, his/her car shall be confiscated.Drivers violating the regulations set forth in Paragraphs 1 and 3 shall be required to take road traffic safety lessons. Said drivers under 18 years of age shall take road traffic safety lessons along with their legal representatives or guardians under Article 21, and the police authorities may publicly disclose the names of said legal representatives or guardians.Article 44 　 In the event of any of the followings while operating a car, the car driver shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Failing to reduce speed to below 15 km/hr when approaching a railroad crossing.2. Failing to reduce speed when approaching a pedestrian crossing without a vehicle signal control.3. Failing to reduce speed where signs indicate winding roads, sloping roads, narrow roads, narrow bridges, tunnels, or roadways under construction.4. Failing to reduce speed where signs indicate closing schools or hospitals.5. Failing to reduce speed as instructed by signs, markings, or signals.6. Failing to reduce speed while traveling on muddy or wet roads, thereby splashing mud or water onto the pedestrians.7. Failing to reduce speed when visibility is impaired by rain or fog, or when obstacles block the road incidentally.Any car driver who fails to yield pedestrians on a pedestrian crosswalk shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,600.Article 45 　 In the event of any of the following violations occur while attempting to overtake another vehicle, the driver of the car shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Driving while not following traffic directions.2. Driving side-by-side with other vehicles on a single-lane street.3. Driving on the opposite traffic lane.4. Failing to follow regulations when driving on a road with multiple lanes.5. Cutting into a moving traffic platoon.6. Driving on the sidewalk.7. Failing to yield the pre-entry vehicles when entering a circle without a signal control.8. Failing to yield to vehicles on the inner-lanes of a multiple lanes circle.9. Failing to yield the vehicles on the main street while entering from a feeder street, failing to yield the vehicles on the main street while entering from a street with fewer lanes, and failing to yield the vehicles from the right when both streets with the same number of lanes.10. Failing to yield to vehicles and pedestrians when beginning a drive. .11. Failing to closely following upon hearing the sirens of fire trucks, ambulances, police cars, rescue vehicles, or emergency response vehicles for a toxi chemical substance disaster or accident; or driving over fire hoses laying on roads during firefighting operations.12. Driving over a street edge or crossing over two lanes at once.13. Driving a motorcycle outside the designated lanes.14. Failing to yield or reduce speed while closing to the designated vehicles for carrying children or school buses.15. Failing to follow the traffic regulations or instructions made by signs and markings when entering intersections or alleys without signal control.16. Occupying bicycle lanes.17. Failing to pull over or closely following upon hearing or seeing mass rapid transit system vehicles closing as their alarms sound or warning lights flash.Should a driver fail to pull over upon hearing the siren of a fire truck , ambulance , police car , rescue vehicle, or emergency response vehicles for a toxi chemical substance disaster or accident, the driver of the car shall be fined NT600, and the driver license shall be revoked.Article 46 　 In the event of any of the followings while confronting oncoming traffic, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Failing to keep a proper distance.2. Downhill vehicle failing to yield uphill vehicles, uphill vehicles failing to yield downhill vehicles already halfway up, and uphill vehicles competing for the right of way.3. Vehicles near the wall failing to yield the vehicles near the edge while driving on mountain roads.Article 47 　 In the event of any of the followings while overtaking other vehicles, car drivers shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,400:1. Overtaking other vehicles where there are signs indicate winding roads, steep slopes, narrow bridges, tunnels, crossroads, or roadways under construction.2. Overtaking other vehicles near school, hospital, or the road section with no crossing signs or markings; or there are oncoming traffic are crossing over; or overtaking more than two vehicles at one time.3. Overtaking vehicles from the right, failing to maintain proper distance while overtaking, or returning to the original lane before reaching a safe distance.4. Overtaking a vehicle that does not indicate willing to yield or moving to the side and slow down.5. Failing to yield or moving to the side and slow down when a following car indicates intention to overtake by honking its horn or flashing lights if there is no obstacles ahead and without a legitimate reason.Article 48 　 In the event of any of the following occurss while making a turn or changing lanes, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Failing to use turning lights, or look out for crossing pedestrians prior to make turn or change lanes, or failing to slow down prior to make turn.2. Failing to follow the directions instructed by signs, markings, and signals.3. Using the opposite lanes to make left turn before reaching the center of an intersection.4. Making a right turn on a multiple lanes street without using the outer lanes, or making a left turn on said road without using the inner lanes.5. Making a left turn from a slow-moving traffic lane where the slow- and fast-moving traffic lanes are divided, or making a right turn from the fast-moving traffic lane of said road. If there are signs, markings or signals on the street, all vehicles shall follow their instruction.6. Failing to yield the through traffic when making a turn.7. Through traffic occupying the innermost or outermost lanes at an intersection where they are designated as left- or right-turn only.Should a driver make a turn fail to stop and yield pedestrians to cross where pedestrian crossing is not prohibited, he/she shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,600.Article 49 　 In the event of any of the followings while making a U-turn, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Making a U-turn where there is a sign indicates winding roads, hill roads, narrow roads, narrow bridges, or tunnels.2. Making a U-turn on roadways with signs prohibiting that movement, with traffic direction separators, or with lines prohibiting overtaking or lane switching.3. Making a U-turn on sections of roads where left turns are prohibited.4. Making a U-turn at a circle without following the direction of traffic.5. Failing to stop and activate left turn signal or failing to pay attention to traffic in both directions or pedestrians before making a U-turn.Article 50 　 In the event of any of the followings when reversing a car, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200:1. Reversing the car where there is a sign indicates winding roads, hill roads, narrow roads, bridges, tunnels, circles, one-way streets, driving on fast moving traffic, or on mass rapid transit system vehicles sharing road lanes.2. Reversing the car without turning on the reverse lights, or reversing the car without watching out for other vehicles or pedestrians.3. Failing to make sure that there is enough space when reversing a large car without assistance from someone behind the car, and failing to warn pedestrians to keep away from the vehicle.Article 51 　 Should a car driver on a hill road, if he/she zigzags at uphill or turns off the engine and drive in neutral gear at downhill, he/she shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200.Article 52 　 Should a car driver fails to follow regulations at ferry terminals, he/she shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200.Article 53 　 Should a car driver pass through a intersection with signal control without following the signal instruction and run a red light he/she shall be fined from NT,800 to NT,400.Should the driver as detailed in the above paragraph make a right turn during a red light, he/she shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800.Article 53-1　 Should a car driver pass through a mass rapid transit system vehicles sharing road lanes intersection with signal control without following the signal instruction and run a red light, he/she shall be fined from NT,600 to NT0,800.Should the driver as detailed in the above paragraph make a right turn during a red light, he/she shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,600.Article 54 　 In the event of any of the followings while entering a railroad crossing, car drivers shall be fined from NT5,000 to NT0,000; and should that behavior results an accident, his/her driver license shall be revoked:1. Failing to follow the instructions of the watching guards, or continuing to cross railroad tracks when the alarms are already on, warning lights are flashing, or the crossing gates is lowing down.2. Failing to stop as required by regulations and running through railroad crossings where there are warning signs or road bumpers but with no watching guards, crossing gates, sound alarms or flash lights.3. Overtaking other vehicles, making a U-turn, reversing, stopping, or parking at railroad crossings.Article 55 　 In the event of any of the followings to make a stop, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT00:1. Stopping on bridges, in tunnels, at circles, in front of obstacles, on sidewalks, on pedestrian crossings, or in fast moving traffic lanes.2. Stopping at intersections, within the range of 10 meters near a bus stop, or within the range of 5 meters near the exits or entrances for fire trucks.3. Stopping in places with signs or markings indicating no stop allowed.4. Stopping without conforming the traffic direction, without keeping to the right of roadways, without keeping close to the edges of one-way streets, or parallel parking.5. Stopping in front of traffic signs and block the signs.Drivers are exempt from the restriction of stopping for less than 3 minutes if they are parking to allow people with disability to access vehicles.Article 56 　 In the event of any of the followings when parking the car, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200:1. Parking in places where stopping is prohibited.2. Parking on winding roads, hill roads, narrow roads, channelizing lines, dividing islands or road section under construction.3. Parking at the exits or entrances of airports, bus/railway stations, ferry terminals, schools, shopping malls, exhibition halls, arenas, markets or other places for public use, or in front of fire hydrants.4. Parking in places with signs or markings indicating that parking is prohibited.5. Parking in places that obviously hinder the passing of other people or vehicles.6. Parking without conforming to the traffic direction, without keeping to the right-hand side of the roadways,or parking without keeping to the edges of one-way streets.7. Parking and doing business on the sides of roadways where allowed for parking.8. Parking vehicles for private use at the waiting areas reserved for commercial cars.9. Failing to park in accordance with the regulations regarding parking times, locations, methods, and vehicle types.10. Illegally parking in spaces reserved for the disables.Car drivers shall be fined NT,400 when parallel parking.Should a driver park in a parking slot for toll and fail to pay the designated fee as required by regulations, the competent authority shall notify the driver in writing to pay said fee along with any additional labor/operational fees incurred within 7 days; should the driver fail to pay the specified fees within the time period, he/she shall be fined NT00.In the situations described in Paragraph 1 and 2, traffic police officers, traffic inspectors, or traffic assistants pursuant to laws and regulations shall order drivers to move car to proper places; if drivers refuse or if they are not in the cars, traffic police officers, traffic inspectors, traffic assistants, those pursuant to laws and regulations, may remove said vehicles to proper places.Drivers described in Subparagraph 10 of Paragraph 1 shall be charged the maximum fine, and described in Paragraph 3 shall be required to reimburse the unpaid fees.Competent roadway authorities, municipal road authorities, or police authorities may, as long as it does not impede pedestrian passing or result in traffic concerns, can set permit parking place with signs or markings within the area of 10 meters near circles and intersections.Article 57 　 Should car owners, car dealers or repair shops park a car on streets for sale or repaired, shall be fined from NT,400 to NT,800.In the situations described above, traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations shall order the responsible owner, to move the cars to proper places when necessary. Should said responsible party refuse to do so, traffic officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations shall move the vehicles and charge the owner for the removal.Article 58 　 In the event of any of the following situations, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200:1. Failing to maintain designated safe distance between vehicles in front or behind.2. Failing to move along with other vehicles but cut into the traffic at the intersections with traffic signal control during red time; thereby causing traffic congestion and impede the passage of other vehicles.3. Arriving and entering an intersection with traffic signal control, when there is already congested in front, vehicles still drive into the intersection and can not go through before light change and thus impede the passage of other vehicles.Article 59 　 In the event of car breakdown, should the car driver make no attempt to remove the car to avoid impeding traffic, fail to put warning signs at a proper distance in front or behind the car, or fail to remove said warning signs after vehicle being removed; the car driver shall be fined from NT,500 to NT,000.Article 60 　 Should a driver’s behaviors violate this Act while operating a vehicle and refuse to cooperate or stop for inspection, or flee the scene after being requested to stop by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations, he/she shall be charged according to relevant regulations and an additional fined from NT,000 to NT,000.In the event of any of the following situations where no rules of punishment are provided in this chapter, car drivers shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800:1. Failing to follow the directions or refuse to cooperate with traffic officers or inspection personnel pursuant to laws and regulations.2. Failing to follow orders issued by roadway or police authorities under the regulations provided in Article 5.3. Failing to follow the instructions of traffic signs, markings, or signals on roadways.4. Taxi drivers failing to follow regulations stipulated by the competent authorities when picking up passengers.Article 61 　 In the event of any of the following situations, the driver licenses shall be revoked:1. Being sentenced to prison for committing a crime using a car.2. Refusing to take inspection made by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations, and thereby causing injury or death.3. Hitting and injuring on-duty traffic police officers.4. Violating the regulations of Road Traffic Safety Regulation in Article 33, thereby causing an accident resulting in death.For any of the situations described in Subparagraphs 2 and 3 of the above paragraph, the driver shall be fined from NT0,000 to NT0,000.Should a driver violate the Road Traffic Safety Regulation and Regulation in Article 33 while operating vehicles and thereby causing an accident resulting in injury, 3 traffic violation points shall be charged with. Should said accident result in serious injury, the driver’s license shall be suspended for 3 to 6 months.In the situations described in Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1, the car driver’s license may be temporarily withheld and the driver may be prohibited from driving until a court sentence is made.Article 62 　 Should a car driver cause an accident that results in no injury or death, and not taking the necessary measures following the regulations, he/she shall be fined between NT,000 and NT,000. Should the driver flee the scene, his/her driver license shall be suspended for 1 to 3 months.Should the car mentioned in the above paragraph remain function, and the driver fails to move the vehicle to the sides of the road and thereby impeding the traffic flow, the driver shall be fined from NT00 to NT,800.Should a car driver cause an accident that results in injury or death, he/she shall immediately give first aid to the injuries, take measures following the regulations, or inform the police authority. Vehicles involved shall not be moved and so as the evidence at scene without the consent of police. Violators shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000. However, should the injured party agree, the driver shall move the vehicle to a place where it will not obstruct traffic after marking the locations of the cars involved in accidents.Should a car driver mentioned in the above paragraph cause an accident resulting in injury and flee the scene, his/her driver license shall be revoked. Should the said accident result in serious injuries or deaths and the driver flee the scene, the driver license shall be revoked, and the driver shall be permanently prohibited from applying new driver license and taking test.In the event of a hit-and-run as described in Paragraph 1 and the preceding paragraph, should the car owner be notified to give testimony but fail to appear without due cause or should the owner fail to provide the relevant information for the car’s driver, the car’s license plates shall be suspended for 1 to 3 months.Should the involved vehicle’s mechanical parts, as well as scratches and markings, needed to be inspected, assessed, or examined, said vehicle may be temporarily detained for these purposes for a period of less than 3 months. Any vehicle that is not detained but its driver or owner refuses to or cannot move if in a timely manner shall be removed by the police otherwise it may obstruct traffic.Should the mechanical parts of said vehicle be damaged and thereby causing safety concerns, it shall be prohibited from driving.Article 63 　 In the event of any of the followings, the car driver shall be fined according to the respective regulations and charged with traffic violation points:1. For any offenses specified in Paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 33; Paragraph 1 of Article 38; Article 40; Article 45; Subparagraphs 1 to 3 of Article 47; Article 48; Article 49, or Paragraph 1 and Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Paragraph 2 of Article 60; the driver shall be given 1 traffic violation point.2. For any offenses specified in Subparagraphs 1 to 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 29, Paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 29-2, or one of the circumstances described in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Paragraph 1 of Article 30, the driver shall be given 2 traffic violation points.3. For any offenses specified in Article 43, Article 53, Article 53-1, or Article 54, the driver shall be given 3 traffic violation points.Should the driver license already be suspended or revoked under the above regulations, the car driver shall be exempted from traffic violation points charge.Should the car driver be charged with 6 or more traffic violation points within 6 months, his/her driver license shall be suspended for 1 month. Should the car driver violate any of the regulations as specified in Paragraph 1 after his/her driver’s license being suspended twice within a year, said driver license shall be revoked.Article 63-1　 A car with 3 or more traffic violation points under the regulations of this Act within 3 months shall have its license plates suspended for 1 month.Article 64 　 (annulled)Article 65 　 Should a car owner or driver violate this Act and receive a written notice of a ruling from the competent authority and fail to commence the revocation charge proceedings at the administrative litigation court under the district court within a period of 30 days, or should the owner or driver fails to pay fines or hand in license plates or driver license as required by the ruling after a court sentense is made, the owner or driver shall be subjected to the following punishments:1. The already revoked license plates or driver licenses shall be cancelled without notice by the competent roadway authority.2. The already suspended license plates or driver licenses shall be subjected to double penalties during the suspension period. Should the owners or drivers continue to fail to hand in license plates or driver licenses within the designated time period, the license plates or driver license of said owner or driver shall be revoked.3. Should the owners or drivers fail to pay the fine, the charge shall be enforced compulsory according to law.Any car owners or drivers who has violated Subparagraph 3 of the previous paragraph less than 10 years prior to June 30, 2006, and had his/her license plates or driver licenses been revoked before the amendments of Subparagraph 3 of the previous paragraph went into effect, he/she may pay off all fines within 5 years and apply for re-issuing of the said revoked license plates or driver licenses.Article 66 　 License plates subjected to be revoked or cancelled, can not be re-issued until the vehicles can complete the inspection by the competent roadway authority. However, the license plates being revoked under Subparagraph 1 of the previous Article shall not be re-issued for a period of 6 months.Article 67 　 Car drivers whose driver licenses have been revoked under Paragraph 2 of Article 27, Paragraph 5 of Article 29-2, Paragraph 1 and the second half of Paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 35, Paragraph 2 of Article 37, Article 54, Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Paragraph 1 of Article 61; and the second half of Paragraph 4 of Article 62, shall be permanently prohibited from applying driver licenses and taking the test, with the exemption of the drivers as specified in Article 67-1.Car drivers whose driver licenses have been revoked under Paragraph 4 of Article 29, Paragraph 3 of Article 30, the first half of Paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 35, Paragraph 3 of Article 37, Paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article 43, the second half of Subparagraphs 3 and 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 61, and the first half of Paragraph 4 of Article 62, shall be prohibited from applying a new driver license and taking the test for a period of 3 years. For drivers of large commercial passenger cars who have had their driver licenses been revoked in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 35, they can not apply a new driver license and take the test for a period of 4 years.Car drivers whose driver licenses have been revoked under other regulations of this Act shall be prohibited from applying a new driver license and taking the test for a period of 1 year.Car drivers whose driver licenses have been revoked under Paragraphs 2 and 3, and thereby prohibited from taking a new driver license test for a period of over 6 years, shall be permanently prohibited from taking the tests unless with the exemption as provided by Article 67-1.The prohibitions on the application of taking a new driver license test described in the preceding four paragraphs shall also apply to drivers who have no license.Car drivers in violation of the regulations set forth in this Act shall have their driver licenses been suspended. Should the driver in question have no license, he/she shall be prohibited from applying to take a new driver’s license test within the period for the maximum license suspension period allowed.Article 67-1　 Car drivers who are qualified for some special conditions listed below pertaining to the circumstances detailed in Paragraphs 1 to 4 of the previous Article, he/she may apply for taking a new driver license test with the competent roadway authority after the given period of time:1. The drivers license been revoked after a fatal accident for more than 12 years.2. The driver license been revoked after an accident that has resulted in severe injuries for more than 10 years.3. The driver license been revoked after an accident that has resulted in injuries for more than 8 years.4. The driver license been revoked after an incident other than above for more than 6 years.Applicants described in the above paragraphs may be issued a driver license with a shorten period of validity by the competent roadway authority after passing relevant tests. Said driver license shall be renewed when its valid period is over, following the conditions determined by the competent authority.Regulations regarding matters such as special circumstances, types of driver licenses, valid periods for said driver license, and conditions for applying for said driver licenses as described in the previous two paragraphs shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI and other relevant authorities.Article 68 　 Car drivers whose driver licenses are subject to be revoked as a result of violations of this Act and the Road Traffic Safety Regulation, all types of driver licenses under his/her name shall be revoked as well.With the exception of tractor-trailers, buses, and trucks; should a driver operate a car with a not qualified license as he/she holds and violate the provisions provided by this Act or the Road Traffic Safety Regulations so that the driver license shall be suspended, without causing accidents with light injuries or serious injuries, 5 traffic violation points shall be charged. Should the traffic violation points reach 6 points or should the driver license be suspended again within 1 year, the driver license shall be suspended in accordance with the original punishment.Chapter III Slow-moving VehiclesArticle 69 　 Slow-moving vehicles are classified and defined as follows:1. Bicycle:1) Pedal-powered bicycle2) Electric power-auxiliary bicycle: a type approved two-wheeled vehicle that is powered mainly by human exercise and with electric assistance has a maximum speed of 25 km/hr or less and weighs 40 kg or less.3) Electric bicycle: a type approved two-wheeled vehicle that is powered mainly by electricity, has a maximum speed of 25 km/hr or less, and weighs 40 kg or less (not including battery).2. Slow-moving vehicles with three wheels or more:1) Human-driven vehicles: with three wheels or more, carrying passengers or goods, or a vehicle that is pulled or pushed by human.2) Animal-driven vehicle: a vehicle pulled by cattles, horses, etc.Should a slow-moving vehicle of three-wheels or more be operated on roads without applying registration with the municipal, county, or city government, the driver shall be fined NT00 and prohibited from continue driving.Regulations regarding the registrations, issuing licenses, and management for said slow-moving vehicles in the preceding paragraph shall be determined by the municipal, county, or city governments.Article 69-1　 All electric power-auxiliary bicycles and electric bicycles shall be inspected, apply for safety type approval and labeled with a certificate of approval before being operated on roads.Regulations regarding matters such as testing criteria, testing methods, type approval procedure, conformity of production, qualifications for application, period of validity for approval certificates, auditing, supervision and administration for the inspection detailed in the previous paragraph shall be determined by the MOTC. The MOTC may authorize professional vehicle technology research institutes to deal with such manners.Article 70 　 Slow-moving vehicles after being declared disqualification and prohibited from riding and still be operated shall be confiscated and decomposed.Article 71 　 Should a driver of a slow-moving vehicle operate it without carrying a license with him/her, the vehicle owner shall be fined NT80.Article 72 　 Should a slow-moving vehicle be altered without permission, or its safety equipments such as brakes, bells, lights, or reflective devices are not kept intact and in good condition, the vehicle’s owner shall be fined NT80 and be required to install such equipment or make corrections.Article 73 　 In the event of any of the followings, the driver of a slow-moving vehicle shall be fined from NT00 to NT00:1. Operating without legitimate reason outside the designated slow-moving vehicle lanes or failing to keep right on roadways without designated slow-moving vehicle lanes.2. Operating not on the designated route or not at the designated time period.3. Failing to follow regulations when turning, overtaking, parking, or crossing an intersection.4. Competing on the right of way, racing on roadways, or operating the vehicle in any other dangerous manners.5. Failing to turn on light when driving at night.6. While driving a vehicle, using a mobile phone, a computer or other devices with similar featuresto dial, to receive calls, to exchange mobile data , or anybehavior that impairs driving safety.7. Sampling alcohol level exceeding the maximum toleratestandards.Drivers of slow-moving vehicles refusing tests outlined in Paragraph 7 above shall be fined NT,200.Article 74 　 In the event of any of the followings, the driver of a slow-moving vehicle shall be fined from NT00 to NT00:1. Failing to obey the directions made by traffic police officers; or failing to follow the instructions indicated by signs, markings, or signals.2. Failing to follow the traffic direction on a slow-moving vehicle lane.3. Failing to follow the regulations to cross over fast-moving vehicle lanes.4. Parking in violation of regulations.5. Riding on sidewalks or fast-moving vehicle lanes.6. Failing to pull over upon hearing the sirens of fire trucks, police cars, ambulances, rescue vehicles, or emergency response vehicles for a toxi chemical substance disaster or accident.7. Failing to yield to pedestrians when crossing a pedestrian crosswalk or turning at an intersection.8. Failing to yield to pedestrians on walkways indicated by signs or markings to allow slow-moving vehicles to drive.9. Failing to pull over or closely following upon hearing or seeing mass rapid transit system vehicles closing as their alarms sound or warning lights flash.Article 75 　 In the event of any of the followings provided in all subparagraphs of Article 54 concerning operating a slow moving vehicle at railroad crossings, the driver of a slow-moving vehicle shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,400.Article 76 　 In the event of any of the followings while carrying passengers or goods, the driver of a slow-moving vehicle shall be fined from NT00 to NT00:1. Exceeding the number of passengers allowed.2. Exceeding the weight limit for goods or carrying goods exceeding the limits of the vehicle body.3. Carrying goods easy for leaking, scattering, and spraying odors; or hazardous materials without tightly sealed or properly packed.4. Carrying poultry or livestock that are piled up or placed upside down.5. Carrying goods that have not been well secured.6. Failing to pull over to the side when loading or unloading passengers or goods, thereby impeding traffic.7. Pulling other vehicles or being pulled by other vehicles.Article 77 　 (annulled)Chapter IV PedestriansArticle 78 　 In the event of any of the followings, the pedestrians shall be fined NT00:1. Failing to follow the instructions of signs, markings, signals, or those given by police.2. Failing to walk within a designated sidewalk or failing to walk on the side of a road that has no designated sidewalk without good cause.3. Passing through vehicle lanes in violation of regulations.4. Running, chasing around, playing, sitting, lying, squatting, or standing on roadways with heavy traffic or at railroad crossings in a manner that impedes traffic.Should a pedestrian with physical disability who relies on mobility aids violate the regulations set forth in Subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph because there are obstacles on sidewalks, the pedestrian shall be exempt from punishment.Article 79 　 (annulled)Article 80 　 In the event of any of the following events when approaching a railroad crossing, the pedestrians shall be fined NT,400:1. Failing to follow the instructions of crossing guards; running through the railroad crossing after crossing gates have been lowered down or after alarms sound and warning lights flash.2. Running through railroad crossings where no guards, no crossing gates, no alarms, and no flash signals without caring the coming trains by the manners of waiting, watching and listening before moving as required by regulations.Article 81 　 Any person who climbs on, jumps off, or clings to a moving vehicle shall be fined NT00.Article 81-1　 Any person who illegally seeks customers at railway or bus stations or other places with heavy traffic and thereby impedes the traffic shall be fined from NT,500 to NT,000.Chapter V Road ObstaclesArticle 82 　 In the event of any of the followings, the responsible person shall be required to immediately stop their behavior and clear the obstacles, and the responsible person or said person’s employer shall be fined from NT,200 to NT,400:1. Piling, placing, setting, or throwing objects on roadways that may impede traffic.2. Burning objects beside the roadways, thereby producing heavy smoke which may impede visibility.3. Using roadways as a work place.4. Parking trailers, containers, or motor-powered machines on roadways.5. Using roadways to revamp buildings without approval, or exceeding prescribed limits of roadways that can be used to revamp buildings.6. Excavating roadways with permission from competent authorities but failing to put warning signs or clean obstacles after completion.7. Placing or altering traffic signs, markings, signals, or other similar marks on roadways without permission.8. Placing stone tablets, billboards, decorated archways, or similar objects on roadways without permission.9. Holding tournaments, banquets, or performances; filming movies; or similar activities on roadways without permission.10. Setting up stands on roadways without permission.Should an object impede traffic as described in Subparagraph 1 of the above paragraph or a billboard as described in Subparagraph 8 fail to be removed immediately upon warning, or should the persons responsible not be present, the object in question shall be regarded as waste and removed in accordance with waste-disposal laws and regulations. Tents and frames of stands as described in Subparagraph 10 shall be confiscated.Any person commits offenses described in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Paragraph 1 on freeways or on either sides of the freeway shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000; those who cause traffic accidents as a result shall be subjected to double penalties.Article 82-1　 Abandoned vehicles occupying roadways shall be cleaned away by their owners within a designated time period upon notification by police authority after being reported by the general public, the police authorities, or the competent environmental protection authorities. Should the vehicle owner fail to clean the vehicle within the designated time period, be unable to notify, or the owner can not be identified, the vehicle shall be removed by the competent environmental protection authority or by a contracted private organization, and the vehicle’s owner shall be responsible for the corresponding removing and storage fees. Should the vehicle remain unclaimed for 1 month after public announcement, said vehicle shall be dealed as a waste by said competent environmental protection authority according to laws.Regulation regarding the definition of a abandoned vehicle as described in the previous paragraph and measures concerning how said vehicle is reported and handled shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI, the Ministry of Justice, and the Environment Protection Administration, Executive Yuan. The removal and storage fees shall be determined by the municipal, county, or city governments.Article 83 　 Failing to follow instructions and cease any of the following behaviors, the responsible person or said person’s employer shall be fined from NT00 to NT00, and will be ordered to remove the object:1. Distributing advertisements, fliers, or other similar items on traffic lanes or on a divider island.2. Selling goods on traffic lanes, inside bus or railway stations, or in service areas of freeways and thereby impeding traffic.Article 84 　 In the event of poultry, livestock, or pets running on roadways without properly care and thereby impeding traffic, the owner or persons responsible shall be fined from NT00 to NT00.Chapter VI Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 85 　 Should the recipient of a citation as detailed by this Act for a violation of road traffic regulations, if he/she claims another party should take the responsibility, he/she shall provide relevant evidence or proving documents and report to the charging authority before the final reporting date listed on the notification of the road traffic violation. Upon receiving the claim the charging authority shall then send a notification to the accused party and ask the party to report to the charging authority. Should he/she fail to do so in the prescribed time period, he/she shall be charged for the violation of the provisions as detailed in this Act.Should a vehicle license plates be suspended or revoked according to this Act, that punishments can not be exempted because of ownership transfer, pledging, leasing, closing contract of said vehicle.All items confiscated as detailed in this Act shall be executed without asking whether they belong to the accused party.Should the parties be directly cited or collectively punished for violations of this Act, said parties are presumed to be responsible for such violations.Article 85-1　 Car drivers, owners, dealers, or repair shops which violates the regulations prescribed in Paragraph 1 of Article 56 or Article 57 and fails to make corrections in compliance with the orders given by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations after citation may be cited repeatedly.A citation as detailed in Article 7-2, under the following situations, violators may be cited repeatedly:1. The cited car travels at a speed above the maximum limit or below the minimum limit or under the circumstances of Paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 33, and the distance between two continuous citations is more than 6 km, detection time between two continuous citations is longer than 6 minutes, or passing more than one intersection; with the exemption of violations occurring in a tunnel.2. The cited car has the situations detailed in Paragraph 1 of Article 56 or Article 57, and the car driver, owner, dealer, or repair shop is not at scenes or unable to move the car for more than 2 hours.Article 85-2　 For vehicle owners or drivers who should be prohibited from passing, driving under this Act, traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations shall enforce the above prohibitions at the time of detection and shall directly move and detain said vehicles if necessary.In the circumstances described in the above paragraph, vehicle owners or entrusted third parties may reclaim the vehicles with custody receipts and vehicle licenses after the cause for such custody has expired. If the vehicle in question matches the circumstances detailed in Article 35 of this Act, payment receipt of the fine shall be attached. However, should the violation be a first offense and have not resulted in an accident, a proof of payment by installments may be used instead.Article 85-3　 The moving or detention of vehicles as provided in Paragraph 3 and 4 of Article 12, Article 35, Paragraph 4 of Article 56, Paragraph 2 of Article 57, Paragraph 6 of Article 62, and Paragraph 1 of the previous Article can be handled directly by traffic police officers or personnel conducting traffic inspections pursuant to laws and regulations. Said moving or detention may be conducted by traffic assistants as detailed in Paragraph 4 of Article 56, and may be handled by private tow trucks by contract.The car owners shall be required to reimburse the fees for said moving or detention in the preceding paragraph; should a car owner fail to pay the fees, the authorities shall pursue the payment.Concerning the vehicles moving and detention in the situation described in Paragraph 1, when a vehicle is not claimed by its owner within the designated time period after notification, or when the owner cannot be identified, said vehicle shall be auctioned off by the authority in charge of moving and detention if the vehicle remains unclaimed after 3 months following public announcement. The revenues from the auction shall be saved pursuant to laws and regulations after the deduction of fines, fees for vehicle moving and detention, and other necessary expenses.Vehicles not claimed after the aforementioned public announcement shall be cleared away pursuant to the Waste Disposal Act and other relevant laws and regulations if they should match the definition of abandoned vehicles. Vehicles confiscated under this Act or other objects confiscated according to rulings or judgments shall be seen as waste and cleaned away following the Waste Disposal Act and other relevant laws and regulations.Regulations regarding matter such as vehicle moving and detention, charging fees, public auctions, and vehicle handling as described in the preceding four paragraphs shall be determined by the MOTC and the MOI as the central government, and by the municipal, county, or city governments, in accordance with their right and responsibility.Article 85-4　 Should a person with the age of 14 or younger and violate the regulations provided by this Act, punishments shall be imposed on said person’s legal representatives or guardians.Article 85-5　 Violation of Article 85-2 or Article 85-3, the mass rapid transit system vehicle shall be moving or detention, before doing that should notify the operator.Article 86 　 Car drivers who cause injuries or deaths as a result of operating a car without a driver license; under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or hallucinogens; driving on sidewalks; failing to yield to pedestrians when crossing pedestrian crosswalks, shall be subjected to criminal liability under which the penalty shall be increased by 50%.Should a car driver legally operating a car on the fast-moving vehicle lanes result in an accident due to pedestrians or slow-moving vehicles running into said lanes in violation of regulations and resulting in injuries or deaths, if he/she is subject to criminal liability, his/her penalty can be relieved.Article 87 　 Violators who do not accept the punishments imposed by the authorities as detailed in Article 8 or Paragraph 5 of Article 37 may challenge the punitive authority as a defendant in the administrative litigation court under the district court of jurisdiction. Such revocation proceedings must begin within 30 days of the original ruling being served.Article 88 　 (annulled)Article 89 　 (annulled)Article 90 　 Behaviors in violation of this Act shall not be subjected to be accused if it is more than 3 months after the violating behavior has occurred, or it is a continuous behavior in violation of this Act shall not be subject to be reported if it is more than 3 months after the violating behavior has ended. However, in the event of an accident involving injuries or deaths for which the responsibilities cannot be determined and for which investigations have begun, the calculation for the aforementioned 3 month period shall begin from the day on which the investigations have been closed.Article 90-1　 Drivers of slow-moving vehicles or pedestrians who fail to take road traffic safety lessons in accordance with regulations shall be fined from NT00 to NT,200.Article 90-2　 (annulled)Article 90-3　 Competent roadway authorities, competent municipal roadway authorities, or police authorities may, as long as it does not impact safe passage or result in traffic concerns, shall establish parking spaces for motorcycles or slow-moving vehicles by signs or markings within the range of 10 meters near circles, crosswalks, or intersections.Competent roadway authorities, competent municipal road authorities, or police authorities may, as long as it does not impact safe passage or result in traffic concerns, set up right of way for slow-moving vehicles on sidewalks by signs or markings when necessary.Article 91 　 The institutions or persons listed below shall be rewarded; regulation regarding the said rewards shall be determined by the MOTC, the MOI and in conjuction with related authorities:1. Schools, media, or public and private driving schools that contribute significantly to the promotion of traffic safety.2. Those who report vehicles that caused an accident , , assist in first aid, or care for persons injured in accidents caused by a vehicle. .3. Drivers with excellent driving records.4. Those who accuse others with behavior detailed in Subparagraph 1, 2, 3, 4 of Paragragh 1 of Article 43 upon confirmation a violation.Article 92 　 Regulations regarding the classification of vehicles, application for car license plates changing registration, management regulations, tonnage of car loading, approval of seating and standing capacity, items and criteria for car inspection, inspection frequency, driver license tests, renewal and issuance of driver license, period of validity for driver license and registration, loading, driving, changes to car equipment, scope of powered machinery, driver’s qualifications and driving, traffic lanes designate, pedestrian crossings, roadway obstructions, and other matters of road traffic safety shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI.Motorcycles are prohibited from driving on freeways, with the exception of large heavy motorcycles with a engine displacement of 550cc or more, which may operate on some sections of freeways and at designated times by the MOTC. The driver of said large heavy motorcycle must have a driver license for motorcycles of 550cc or more for a valid period of 1 year or more and driver license for a class of small car or higher.Regulations regarding road traffic safety courses, such as teaching method, content, time, length, and responsible authorities of said courses shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI.Regulations regarding the fines detailed in this Act, the norm, citation, or warnings for minor violations, payment, process of stating an opinion or the process of ruling, requirements for applying to pay in installments and number of installments, consequences for failing to pay on time, regulations covering payment in installments, and payment collection agency shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI.Regulations regarding the necessary actions for the responsible persons involved in a traffic accident, first-aid for the injuries at the scene, traffic relief control, detention, removal and return of perpetrating vehicle, and handling of investigations shall be determined by the MOI in conjuction with the MOTC and the Department of Health, Executive Yuan.Where there are no regulations in this Act expressly governing large heavy motorcycles, the regulations and punishments for small cars shall apply. The regulations governing application for a driver license and operating a large heavy motorcycle shall be determined by the MOTC in conjuction with the MOI.In the event of any of the followings while operating a large heavy motorcycle with a engine displacement of 550cc or more, the driver shall be fined from NT,000 to NT,000, and a traffic violation point shall be charged:1. Operating on sections of roadways not expressly permitted.2. Operating at time periods not expressly permitted.3. Having a driver license that does not conform to the requirements of Paragraph 2.4. Driving side-by-side, overtaking within the same lane, or using the road shoulder in a manner that violates regulations.5. Carrying people or goods in a manner that violates regulations.6. Failing to wear a helmet.Should the driver of a large heavy motorcycle with a engine displacement of 550cc or more violate Subparagraph 4 of the preceding paragraph, or should the car driver of a car violate the regulation detailed in the first half of the Subparagraph 4 while driving on freeways, the driver shall be fined NT,000.Article 92-1　 When the punitive authorities rule on whether to suspend, revoke, or cancel the license of a professional driver, they may send a written or other notice to the owners of the responsible cars under the request of the driver’s employers.Article 93 　 The effective date of this Act shall be determined by the order of the Executive Yuan.
