Article 1
The Statutory is based on the rules of Article 26-1 in the Organization Rules of the Ministry of Transportation and Communications. Article 2
The Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau (hereinafter “The Bureau”) is in charge of the following items:1. Mid- and long-term development of railroads, financial and construction planning, major investment, resource planning, management strategies, project research analysis and implementation of information technology systems.2. Marketing for railroad business, management of commercial and cargo transportation, affiliated business management and facilities, design, investigation, supervision and review for related business operations.3. The running, operations and vehicle assignment of railroad transportation, adjustment of train stations as well as investigation, supervision and review for related transportation facilities and security.4. Design, supervision and review of railroad bridges, tunnels, routes, engineering, architecture and industry management.5. Design, supervision and review for electric carriages, commercial and cargo carriage usage planning and equipment.6. Design, supervision and review for railroad electric communications, lighting, signals and electricity.7. Maintenance, assignment, and auditing for railroad supplies planning and procurement.8. Other management issues related to the railroad. Article 3
There are 6 departments in the Bureau that take charge of the above-listed items and take responsibility for each area. Article 4
There is an Office of the Secretariat in charge of auditing, meeting arrangements, legal affairs, classified documents, research development, management innovation, annual policy implementation and consolidating working plans, managing performance reviews, checking all important business operations, providing business advice, business reports, ceremonies, consulting, administrative affairs related to news releases, and National Assembly contacts. Article 5
There is an Office of Administration in charge of documentation, mail security, administrative management, financial allocation, domestic and international loan planning, accounting, management of official cards and planning/implementing of overall business, conducting drills and supervising performance reviews. Article 6
The Bureau has a Training Center in charge of all types of training. Article 7
There is an Office of Labor Safety and Health under the Bureau in charge of planning, supervising and implementing issues related to employees’ safety and health. Article 8
There is one director in the Bureau managing all types of affairs and supervising all employees in the Bureau as well as affiliated institutes. Three vice directors are in place to assist the director in managing all these affairs. Article 9
The Bureau has 1 head engineer, 6 deputy engineers, 1 executive secretary, 5 specialized consultants, 7 unit heads, and 15 deputy unit heads, among which 6 are also senior engineers, 3 directors (one of them holds another concurrent position), and 1 vice director. 41 are team heads and among them, 11 are also senior engineers or assistant engineers, 33 senior engineers, 34 assistant engineers, 3 secretaries, 34 supervisors, 94 specialists, 53 junior engineers, 9 auditors, 4 head surveyors, 6 surveyors, 17 motorbike surveyors who are either assistant engineers or officers, 1 manager for Labor Safety, 1 manager for Labor health, 1 manager for Labor safety and Health, 234 clerks, 67 officers, 10 assistant officers, 7 assistants, 2 junior clerks, 22 secretaries, 181 business assistants and 24 technical assistants.Before the Statutory takes effect, the current employees hired based on Rules of Employment Management for Taiwan Railroad Administration Bureau, Ministry of Transportation and Communications who are not qualified for current employment should continue to keep their current positions as secretaries or business assistants until disengagement.Before the Statutory takes effect, the current employees hired based on Rules of Civil Servants Employment for Harbor Protection Group in Ministry of Transportation and Communications who are re-assigned to the Bureau after dissolving of that Group should continue to keep their current positions and grades until disengagement. Article 10
There is an Office of Human Resources under the Bureau with 1 director, 1 deputy director who manages human resources-related issues based on laws. Other necessary roles may be employed based on the quota listed in the Statutory. Article 11
There is an Office of Accounting under the Bureau with 1 accounting director, 2 deputy directors who are in charge of annual budgets, accounting and statistics based on related laws. Other necessary roles may be employed based on the quotas listed in the Statutory. Article 12
There is an Office of Ethics under the Bureau with 1 director who is in charge of all ethics-related issues. Other necessary roles may be filled based on the quotas listed in the Statutory. Article 13
The employment of the staff in the Bureau is applicable to the Statutory of Employment for Transportation Business. Article 14
The human resources, auditing and ethics employees hired based on the Employment Rules of Civil Servants and those who are appointed with the current role based on rotational regulation are still subject to pertinent regulation until disengagement.Among the roles listed in Article 10-12 as aforestated, the director of the Office of Human Resources, Office of Ethics and Office of Accounting are all Grade 10; the deputy directors are recommended as Grade 9-10; unit heads are recommended as Grade 9; supervisors and specialists are recommended as Grade 7-8; the officers are appointed as Grade 5 or recommended as Grade 6-7; the assistants are appointed as Grade 4-5, and 50% among them can be recommended as Grade 6; the clerks are appointed as Grade 3-5; and secretaries are appointed as Grade 1-3. Article 15
The Bureau is entitled to set up subsidiaries in the form of an office, section, station, factory, team or center with the purpose of arranging railroad engineering, transportation for customers and cargos, assignment of cars and maintenance for railroad electric facilities related to all types of cars, the control of supply stocks, printing of tickets, radio contact within/outside the Bureau and receipt/payment for business proceeds in remote areas. The organizational structure should be subject to laws stipulated specifically for these scenarios. Article 16
The Bureau is entitled to set up operations for dining and travel services, and centers for shipping service at each factory with the purpose of warehousing along the railroad route, shipping operations, repairing all types of engines, manufacturing, management for dining areas and dining cars along the railroad route, maintaining and building electric information equipment, repairing and implementing steel infrastructure and manufacturing rocks and materials required for solidifying railroad track. The organizational structure should be subject to laws stipulated specifically for these scenarios. Article 17
The Bureau can undertake projects entrusted by the public or private sector related to railroad transportation safety, and architecture, civil engineering, machinery, electricity, railroad trains, and information processing related to operations on the condition that the core business shall not be affected. Article 18
The details of the Bureau’s responsibilities shall be stipulated by the Bureau and submitted to Ministry of Transportation and Communications for approval and announcement. Article 19
The effective date of the Statutory is subject to the official announcement of the Executive Yuan. 
