Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 This set of regulations is set forth in accordance with Article 20, Paragraph 4 of the Telecommunications Act.Article 2　 The terms adopted in this set of regulations are defined as follows:I. Telecommunications Universal Service (hereafter "universal service" or "US"): Indispensable telecommunications services with a reasonable level of quality provided fairly and at reasonable rates for all citizens.II. Voice-based Telecommunications Universal Service: Voice-based telecommunications services between the outgoing end and the incoming end provided over the public telecommunications network.III. Telecommunications Universal Service on Data Transmission: Service of the provision of access to the Internet Service over wired or wireless Broadband Telecommunications Network.IV. Universal Service Provider: Type 1 telecommunications enterprises providing one or more category of universal service.V. Participating Universal Service Carriers: telecommunications enterprises designated as being required to contribute towards sharing the losses incurred in the provision of universal service and its necessary administrative costs.VI. Necessary Administration Cost: examination cost, transportation cost, attendance cost, requested investigation cost and other necessary administration costs.VII. Net Universal Service Costs: the net losses incurred by universal service providers in the provision of universal service.VIII. Avoidable Costs: costs that universal service providers may avoid or save by not providing universal service.IX. Revenue forgone: losses in revenue by universal service providers as a result of not providing universal service.X. Uneconomic Public Payphone: Public payphone (hereafter "payphone") that has been approved by the competent authority (NCC) where under normal business conditions or without any subsidy, the avoidable costs that a universal service provider may incur for the provision of a single payphone service exceeds its revenue forgone.XI. Uneconomic Area: Single local exchange office's service area（hereafter "local exchange area"） that has been approved by the competent authority (NCC) where the avoidable costs incurred by a universal service provider for the provision of telephone service in a remote area exceeds its revenue forgone.XII. Remote Area: Townships, (Towns, Cities and District) with a population density no more than one-fifth of the average national population density, or outlying area at least 7.5 km away from the location of the cabinet-level municipality, county or city government.XIII. Incumbent Operator: fixed telecommunications network operators in legal operation prior to the promulgation of the Regulations Governing Fixed Telecommunications Network Procedure on May 18, 1999.Article 3　 The competent authority for Telecommunications Universal Service is the National Communications Commission (or hereafter “NCC”)Article 4　 Universal service includes Voice-based Telecommunications Universal Service and Data Transmission Telecommunications Service.The net universal service costs and the necessary administrationcosts of universal service shall be shared among contributing parties inaccordance with this set of Regulations.Universal servicecontributing parties shall include Type 1 telecommunications service and theType 2 telecommunications service designated by the competent authority(NCC).Chapter 2 Voice-based Telecommunications Universal ServiceArticle 5　 Voice-based Telecommunication Universal Service includes uneconomic public payphones and telephone service in uneconomic areas.Article 6　 The incumbent Operator shall, by June 1 of the year prior to the fiscal year in which universal service is implemented (hereafter named the "implementation year"), submit the Annual Universal Service Implementation Plan (hereafter named the "implementation plan") based on the cabinet-level municipalities, counties and cities which are publicly designated as the implementation units by the competent authority (NCC), and apply to the competent authority (NCC) for accreditation as universal service providers for uneconomic public payphone and telephone services in uneconomic areas.In addition to the incumbent operators, other local network operators shall also apply in accordance with the aforementioned procedure to become the universal service providers for telephone service in uneconomic areas.The "Implementation Year" as stated in paragraph 1 refers to the calendar year from January 1 to December 31.The competent authority (NCC) shall publicize the Implementation Plan in accordance with paragraph 1 and paragraph 2 no later than July 1 of the year prior to the implementation year.Local network operators shall again submit improved implementation plans no later than August 1 of the same year, and apply for accreditation as a universal service provider for telephone service in uneconomic areas.The competent authority (NCC), before approving the previous implementation plan, shall compare the net universal service costs, requested subsidy amounts, and the predicted improvements in service penetration and quality as outlined in various implementation plans; and in consideration with the actual operating abilities of the applicants, the competent authority (NCC) shall then choose the best implementation plan; if necessary, the competent authority (NCC) must request the applicant to amend its proposed implementation plan.Article 7　 The implementation plan shall clearly outline the following items:I. The indicators of universal rate and service quality prior to the implementation of the universal service in the implementation year.II. Predictions of maintenance or improvement of the universal rate and service quality indicators of the telephone service in uneconomic area after implementation of the universal service in the implementation year.III. Implementation solutions and the tariffs of the universal service in the implementation year.IV. Estimates of the net universal service costs of the implementation year, and the amount of subsidies required.V. Detailed calculations of the net universal service costs required in the implementation year.Implementation plans published by the competent authority (NCC) under Articles 6 and 9 of the Regulations do not include the contents of item 5 of the above paragraph.For the implementation plan described in paragraph 1, the net universal service cost sheet in the implementation year shall be tabulated in accordance with the main compilation points of the telecommunications universal service financial statement.Article 8　 The net universal service costs for uneconomic area telephone service and uneconomic public payphone service are the avoidable costs incurred by the universal service provider in connection with the fulfillment of the service obligation less any revenues forgone.Article 9　 The avoidable costs of the telephone service in uneconomic area shall be calculated in accordance with the formula as stated in Appendix 1.The revenue forgone for the telephone service in an uneconomic area shall be the sum of the following listed revenues as collected from the provision of telephone and other related services by the universal service providers in a single local private branch exchange network of the remote area:I. Monthly rental revenueII. Phone charge revenueIII. Installation and connection revenueIV. Extension chargesV. Internet connection chargesVI. Rental revenue from leased circuit or other networking equipmentVII. Internet access service revenueVIII. Other service revenueIX. Other non-operating revenueIf the district in which the single local private branch exchange network serves crosses remoteand non-remote areas, the universal service provider shall, in its calculations of the total netuniversal service costs of the telephone service in an uneconomic area, include the netuniversal service cost incurred by the district in which the single local private branch exchangenetwork serves.Appendix 1：Avoidable cost formula for telephone or data communication access service in uneconomic areas.doc
