Article 1
The Act is enacted to improve the service quality, to establish complete systems, and to promote the sustainable development of public transportation.Matters not fully provided in this Act shall be governed by other laws. Article 2
The “public transportation” mentioned in this Act means the common transportation with fixed routes, schedules, terminals, and fare rates, and providing passenger travelling service. The public transportation enterprises that are governed by the Act mean the public or private enterprises established in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and which provide domestic passenger travelling service such as: 1. Urban Bus Carriers, 2. Highway Bus Carriers, 3. Railway Transport Industry, 4. Mass Rapid Transit, 5. Shipping Carriers, 6. Ferry carriers, and 7. Civil Air Transport Enterprises. Like the public transportation enterprises, Taxi Carriers may apply to be exempted from Automobile Fuel charge Collection and Vehicle License Taxes. Article 3
The “competent authorities” mentioned in this Act means the Ministry of Transportation and Communications at the central level; the municipality governments at the municipality level; and the county (city) governments at the county (city) level. Article 4
The competent authority shall plan and establish public transportation terminals or transfer stations to meet the needs of public transportation development and major construction projects.The competent authority shall coordinate with urban planning related authorities to conduct the change of registration for the lands acquired for the construction of public transportation terminals or transfer stations in the preceding paragraph in accordance with Article 27 of the Urban Planning Act; the competent authority shall coordinate with regional planning related authorities to conduct the change of registration for non-urban lands in accordance with Article 13 of the Regional Planning Act. The competent authority shall coordinate with related authorities to adjust the items and usage intensities of lands and buildings of public transportation terminals or transfer stations.Public transportation enterprises shall, according to the actual needs of people with disabilities, establish access-free equipment and facilities in their major transportation terminals or transfer stations. The competent authority shall regularly review and maintain the access-free equipment and facilities. Article 4-1
The central, municipal and county (city) competent authorities at each level, in charge of transportation shall, according to the actual needs of people with disabilities, plan appropriate routes, airlines, service schedules, car/carriage/cabin/compartment (of vehicles, airplanes and ships), etc., to allow access-free transportation services. In addition, access-free equipment and facilities shall be planned and established in public transportation for the convenience of people with disabilities. Article 5
To improve the operating environment for public transport, the competent authority shall establish a priority and privilege system of traffic lane for public transport.The regulation governing the condition, planning, design, construction and operation of the priority and privilege system of traffic lane in the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the competent authority. Article 6
To improve the service quality of public transport, the competent authority shall assist in the integration of ticketing, transshipment, tourist information, and related transportation services among different public transport systems. When necessary, public transportation business should be rewarded because of their excellent performance. Article 7
The competent authority shall regularly implement the operation and service evaluations of the public transportation. The matters of evaluation object, method, items, criteria, score, application of results, procedure of announcement, and reward shall be formulated by the central competent authority. Article 8
A public transport corporation may determine and announce ticket prices by itself within a certain range of the fares approved by the competent authority, and report to the competent authority for future reference. The same procedure shall apply to any alteration of such fares. Article 9
All passengers of public transportation system will be charged at full fare in principle, except required by laws to give preferential treatment to special groups. The central competent authority shall coordinate with the relevant authorities to budgeted subsidies for the difference of the given preferential treatment. Article 10
The competent authority may subsidize public transport corporations for investments in capital equipments, and operating losses. The objects of subsidy are limited to the enterprises operation at remote districts, off-shore islands or special policy assigned service routes.The subsidies mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be approved by the competent authority through evaluation; the regulations regarding the organization, condition, item, method, order of priority, dispatch rate, supervision, and evaluation of subsidy shall be prescribed by the central competent authority. Article 11
The enforcement rules of this Act shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Transportation and Communications. Article 12
This Act shall take effect on the date of promulgation. 
