Article 1
The said Regulations are enacted in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 12 of the Commercial Port Law (hereafter cited as "this Law") Article 2
Ministry of Transportation & Communications Maritime and Port Bureau (hereafter cited as commercial port authority )shall, in accordance with the provisions of the said Regulations, collect commercial port dues from the ships entering the port, passengers boarding or leaving the ships, and cargoes loading on to or unloading from the ships. No commercial port dues shall be collected from commercial ports, which were:1.Constructed by the central government in accordance with Offshore Islands Construction Statute or constructed by using the budget from the Offshore Islands Construction Fund.2. Cnstructed and invested by state-run or private enterprises. Article 3
Commercial port dues are classified in three categories: ship port dues, passenger port dues and cargo port dues, which will be respectively levied on carriers by sea, departure passengers and cargo shippers. Article 4
Ship port dues for international shipping routes are calculated by one of the followings:1.Collecting on the voyage basis: according to gross registered tonnage of the ship for its every entrance into the port by tariff rate of a half New Taiwan Dollars (NTsh. 5) per gross tonnage.2.Collecting on the time basis: according to gross registered tonnage of the ship before its entrance into the port by tariff rate of one and a half New Taiwan Dollars (NT. 5) per gross tonnage in 4 months or , two and a half New Taiwan Dollars (NT. 5) per gross registered tonnage in 8 months.Ship port dues for domestic shipping routes are assessed at forty percent of the tariff rate as prescribed in the previous paragraph. Article 5
Passenger port dues are collected from passengers for each departure by the tariff rate of forty New Taiwan Dollars (NT$ 40). Article 6
Cargo port dues for international shipping routes are classified into three categories: bulk & general cargoes, full container load cargoes, and less than container load cargoes, and are collecting by following rules：1.Cargo port dues on bulk & general cargoes, full container load cargoes are assessed according to those rates and rules as assigned in Tariff of Cargo Port Dues for bulk & general cargoes and full container cargoes.2.Cargo port dues on less than container load cargoes are assessed based on revenue tons of different cargoes consolidated in the container by the tariff rate of eighty New Taiwan Dollars (NT$ 80) per revenue ton. The total amount of cargo port dues is limited to the third tariff rate of less than 20 feet for each filing sheet , no cargo port dues shall be collected if less than one hundred New Taiwan Dollars (NT$ 100).Cargo port dues for domestic shipping route are assessed at forty percent of the tariff rate as assigned for the international shipping routes.If bulk & general cargoes and full container load cargoes which contain two or more kinds of cargo rates happen to be on the same shipping order or bill of lading, they should be assessed by different rates separately. Whereas the rates cannot be differentiated clearly, their cargo port dues will be assessed at the lower tariff rate classification. CLASS RATE TARIFF FOR PORT DUES.doc 
