Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 3, Article 46 and Paragraph 3, Article 47 of the Telecommunications Act.Article 2　 The administration of ship radio station shall be prescribed in accordance with these Regulations. The matters not provided herein shall be prescribed in accordance with other laws and regulations or refer to the telecommunication-related provisions of International Radio Regulations and regulations of International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (hereinafter referred to as “SOLAS”).Article 3　 The competent authority for these Regulations shall be the National Communications Commission (hereinafter referred to as “NCC”).Article 4　 “Ship radio station” refers to the transmitting or receiving radio equipment and automatic distress alert equipment installed on board for communication use.The captain of the vessel shall be in charge of the ship radio station.Article 5　 The ship radio stations shall be classified as follows:1. Ship radio station for Global Maritime Distress and Safety System.2. Ship radio station for Non-Global Maritime Distress and Safety System (hereinafter referred to as “Non-GMDSS”).Article 6　 The communications and related electronic operations of ship radio station shall be conducted by seafarers certified by the competent authorities, in charge of agriculture or navigation careers, with the expertise of ship radio communication.One dedicated seafarer shall be designated for the primary responsibility of radio communications while a vessel is in distress. The radio logbooks shall be kept for entering all detailed operations.Article 7　 The performance standard and the installation for the equipment of the ship radio station shall conform to the relevant requirements of the Part Seven of the Ship Equipment Regulations.Chapter 2 Ship radio communicationArticle 8　 The VHF radiotelephone communication shall not be operated while the ship is in the port except in the following circumstances:1. In the case of an emergency: the operator of the ship radio station must communicate with coast station or port station, and there is no other means to communicate except by VHF radiotelephone.2. For use by ship inspectors.3. Using only the receiver of radiotelephone.Article 9　 The priority of the operation for the ship radio communication are as following:1. Distress communication.2. Emergency communication.3. Safety communication.4. Communication for radio navigation and positioning.5. Communication for the navigational safety relating to the search and rescue operation by aircraft.6. Communication relating to the navigation and movement of vessels, and weather observation messages destined for an official meteorological service.7. Other communications.Article 10 　 Ship radio station shall comply with the related regulations of the telecommunications enterprises of each country, transmitting and receiving the messages for seafarers and the passengers, and collecting reasonable fees.Article 11 　 The transmission of distress call and messages, message of emergency positioning-indicating radio beacons , and emergency calls and messages of the ship radio station shall be operated under the instruction of the captain or his designated representative.Article 12 　 The vessel, while at sea, shall maintain a listening watch in accordance with the following:1. VHF DSC channel 70: if the ship is fitted with a VHF radio installation and, where practicable, on the radiotelephone distress frequency VHF channel 16, and VHF channel 13 relating to the safety navigation;2. Distress and safety DSC frequency 2187.5 kHz, if the ship is fitted with an MF radio installation;3. Distress and safety DSC frequencies 2187.5 kHz and 8414.5 kHz and also on at least one of the distress and safety DSC frequencies 4207.5 kHz, 6312 kHz, 12577 kHz, or 16804.5 kHz, appropriate to the time of day and the geographical position of the ship, if the ship is fitted with an MF/HF radio installation. This watch may be kept by means of a scanning receiver;4. Satellite shore-to-ship distress alerts, if the ship is fitted with an IMARSAT ship earth station;5. Broadcasts of information concerning maritime safety on the appropriated frequency or frequencies on which such information is broadcast for the area in which the ship is navigating;6. VHF channel 16: if the ship is equipped with the Non-GMDSS station and, where practicable, a maintain watch on the radiotelephone distress frequency 2182 kHz, and VHF channel 13 relating to safety navigation.Article 13 　 The radio frequency and operation for distress, emergency, and safety communication shall be conducted in accordance with the regulations of the Communication Operation Directions for Ship Radio Stations.The Communication Operation Directions for Ship Radio Stations shall be enacted and promulgated by the NCC.Article 14 　 Any ship radio station receiving an alarm signal should immediately cease any transmission capable of interfering with the following communication of the aforementioned signal and maintain a listening watch on the frequency.If ship radio stations receive the distress call from a vessel that is in its vicinity, and there is no response from the coast station, it shall acknowledge receipt at an appropriate time and transfer the distress message, as well as inform the vessel in distress, of the name of responding vessel and the estimated time of arrival to the site. If the responding vessel is not able to immediately go to the site of the vessel in distress, the responding ship shall inform the ship in distress of the reason.Article 15 　 When distress traffic has ceased on a frequency which has been used for distress traffic, or complete silence is no longer necessary for a frequency which is being used for the traffic, the ship radio station for controlling the traffic shall transmit on that frequency a message addressed to all radio stations, indicating that normal working may be resumed.Article 16 　 A ship radio station shall not transmit a distress signal without approval, or transmit a signal easily confused with a distress signal.Occurrences of the aforementioned situation shall be handled in accordance with the Communication Operation Directions for Ship Radio Stations.Article 17 　 During the voyage of a vessel encountering icebergs, flotage, storms and any situation causing serious damage to ships, the vessel should inform the nearest coast station and the nearby vessels of the aforementioned situation by using safety communication.Article 18 　 The procedure for emergency, distress, and safety radio communication equipment of ship radio station shall be clearly posted on the navigating bridge.The content and format of the aforementioned procedure shall be conducted in accordance with related regulations of Communication Operation Directions for Ship Radio Stations.Chapter 3 The establishment and administration of ship radio stationArticle 19 　 The applicant applying for the establishment permit for operation of ship radio station shall file an application to the NCC. Ship radio stations established in a foreign country and inspected by the institutes commissioned or approved by the NCC, or only the inspected DSB radiotelephones, installed on ship, may be waived from applying for establishment permit and may directly apply for the license of ship radio station.The permit shall be valid for six months. If the applicant fails to complete establishment prior to the expiration date of establishment, the applicant shall state the reasons by document and apply to the NCC for an extension of the establishment period for another six months. Such application shall be made within one month prior to the expiration date of establishment period and limited to once.The application as mentioned in Paragraph 1 shall specify and submit the following:1. The name, address and telephone numbers of the applicant; and registered name, number (or small ships ID No.), gross tonnage, length, category, navigation area and registered port of the ship; type of radio station, the related information of the radio equipment.2. In addition to the aforementioned information, fishing vessels shall specify the unified number of fishing vessel, the area of fishing operation, and fishery association the fishing vessel belongs to.The owner of the ship shall submit the specifications of the radio equipment to apply for the establishment permit of additional radio equipment within the valid period of the ship radio station license.Article 20 　 A ship radio station completing the establishment according to the previous Article shall apply for inspection from the NCC, or the institutes commissioned or approved by the NCC. It shall be put into operation only after passing the inspection and a license has been issued by the NCC.The ship which is for international voyages and which the International Convention for the SOLAS applies to shall apply for the ship safety certificate or ship safety radio certificate from institutes commissioned or approved by the NCC.The ship which is on an international voyage and which the International Convention for the SOLAS applies to and the ocean fishing vessel shall apply for inspection to the NCC, or the institutes commissioned or approved by the NCC during the valid period of the ship radio station license: from the start day, before or after within three months every full year. After passing the inspection, the Inspector shall sign on the radio license. However, if there are special reasons for ocean fishing vessel that cannot be inspected within the Specified time, the ship owner can apply to the NCC for an extension to the inspection.The NCC may inspect the ship radio station when deemed necessary. The inspection guidelines shall be enacted and promulgated by the NCC.Article 21 　 The license of the ship radio station shall be valid for three years. The license of the ship radio station of the ship which is on an international voyage and which the International Convention for the SOLAS applies to shall be valid for five years.Within three months prior to the expiration date of the aforementioned license, the ship owner shall apply to the NCC or the institutes commissioned or approved by the NCC for inspection. The station shall be issued with a license only after passing the inspection, unless the station only includes the DSB radiotelephone equipment.If the ship owner changes, the applicant shall apply for the renewal of the ship radio station.If the license be lost, damaged, or its content changed, the licensee shall apply for replacement, renewal, or correction of the license. The valid period of the license shall be the same as the original one.The applicant shall apply to the NCC for the issuance, renewal, replacement, or correction of aforementioned license.Article 22 　 (Deleted)Chapter 4 Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 23 　 Penalties imposed for violation of these Regulations shall be pursuant to the Telecommunications Act and other relevant regulations.Article 24 　 The applicant applying to establish the ship radio station shall pay the inspection fee and license fee. Those fees shall be subject to the procedure of budget.Article 25 　 These Regulations shall come into effect as of the date of promulgation.
