Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 This Law is enacted to ensure safety of navigation and life, and to put into effect the administration of the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register), inspection, measurement, load line mark and facilities.Article 2　 The competent authority for this Law is the Ministry of Transportation and Communications, and the businesses are run by the shipping administration authority.Article 3　 Terms used in this Law are defined as follows:1. "Small ship" refers to a non-power-driven ship of under fifty (50) gross tonnage, or a power-driven ship of under twenty (20) gross tonnage.2. "Passenger ship" refers to a non-small ship that carries more than twelve (12) passengers, and is intended for carrying passengers.3. "Power-driven ship" refers to a ship propelled by mechanical means.4. "Hydrofoil" refers to a special type of ship that is equipped with hydrofoils which raises the hull up on the water surface by means of the lifting force created by the hydrofoils when sailing.5. "Hovercraft" refers to a special type of ship with air cushion created by continuous air blast within the ship that produces an effective counterforce on the water surface under the ship, causing the hull to rise up from the water, and the ship sails by means of jet, aerial propeller, underwater propeller or other propelling approaches recognized by the shipping administration authority.6. "High-speed craft" refers to a ship designed and built according to the International Code of Safety for High-speed Craft, and the ship is capable of a maximum speed, in meters per second (m/s), equal to or exceeding 3.7 ? 0.1667th power, where ? = volume of displacement corresponding to the designed waterline.7. "Yacht" refers to a ship intended exclusively for entertainment, not for carrying passengers or goods, nor fishing, and the ship is mainly driven or ancillary driven by mechanical means.8. "Personal yacht" refers to a ship used for entertainment by the owner himself/herself or by others who borrow the ship at no cost.9. "Non-private used yacht" refers to a ship to be rented as a whole or as a clubhouse service for entertainment.Article 4　 This Law applies to ships sailing on or in the water, except the following:1. Naval crafts of military organization.2. Dragon boats, canoes and non-powered sailboats.3. Business small ships coast-anchored by the fire and rescue organization.4. Powered small ships with a propulsive power under 12 kilowatts and not used for fishing.Article 5　 The term "R.O.C. (The Republic of China)-flag ship" used herein refers to a ship which is approved by and registered in the shipping administration authority pursuant to the R.O.C. laws.A ship may apply for registering as a R.O.C.-flag ship Under any one of the following conditions:1. The ship is owned by the R.O.C. government.2. The ship is owned by a R.O.C. national.3. The ship is owned by any of the following companies, which are established under the R.O.C. laws, with principal offices situated within the R.O.C. territory:(1) An unlimited company, of which all shareholders are ROC nationals.(2) A limited company, of which at least half of the capital is owned by R.O.C. nationals, and the director authorized to represent such company is a R.O.C. national.(3) A joint company, of which all shareholders with unlimited liabilities are R.O.C. nationals.(4) A company limited by shares, of which the chairman of the board and at least half of the directors are R.O.C. nationals, and at least half of the capital is owned by R.O.C. nationals.4. The ship is owned by a juridical corporate, which is established under the R.O.C. laws, with its main office situated within the R.O.C. territory and at least two-thirds of the members and the statutory representative being R.O.C. nationals.Article 6　 Any non-R.O.C. flag ship shall not fly a national flag of the R.O.C., except otherwise stipulated in laws, or under any one of the following circumstances:1. On the National Day or any memorial day of the R.O.C., or2. When celebration or salute is needed.Article 7　 R.O.C.-flag ships shall not fly a non-R.O.C. flag, except otherwise stipulated in related regulations or under any one of the following circumstances, where a foreign flag may also be flied:1. On the National Day or any memorial day of a foreign country of which a port the R.O.C.-flag ship is calling; or2. When celebration or salute is needed.Article 8　 Unless otherwise specially approved by the R.O.C. government or for seeking shelter, any non-R.O.C. flag ship shall not stay in any harbor or port other than those announced as international ports by the R.O.C. government.Article 9　 Any R.O.C.-flag ship, unless having obtained a Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register), a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register), a Certificate of Yacht or a Small-ship License, shall not navigate except for one of the following circumstances:1. When the ship is launched or in a trial voyage;2. When the ship is permitted or ordered to move by the shipping administration authority; or3. When it is a necessary measure to be taken due to emergency.Article 10 　 Any ship shall be marked with the following signs:1. Name of the ship;2. Name of the port of registry or the place of small-ship registration;3. Distinctive number;4. Load line mark and draft marks, except those exempted from making load line mark or draft mark pursuant to the provision of Article 51 and the proviso in Paragraph 1 of Article 80;5. Other marks specified in laws and regulations.None of the marks mentioned in the previous paragraph shall be defaced or obliterated, except for avoidance of capture in time of war.The following alteration timelines shall apply when the items of ship markings have to be changed:1. When markings of Subparagraphs 1 to 3, Paragraph 1 need to be changed, it shall be done at the same time of registration.2. When markings of Subparagraphs 4 and 5, Paragraph 1 need to be changed, it shall be done within 3 months from the date of occurrence.Name of the ship, name of the port of registry, place of registration, distinctive number, draft marks, load line mark, other markings and other regulated items shall be set down by the competent authority.Article 11 　 A Certificate of Yacht shall be obtained for a yacht; a Small-ship License shall be obtained for a small ship.The following documents shall be obtained for ships apart from those listed in the previous paragraph:1. Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) or Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register);2. Ship Inspection Certificate or other certificates that shall be obtained pursuant to international conventions;3. Tonnage certificate;4. Minimum Safe Manning Certificate;5. Crew list;6. Loadline Certificate, but it is not required for ships without technical need for assigning a load line pursuant to the provision of Article 51.7. Passenger Ship Safety Certificate or Certificate of Fitness for Carrying Passengers, for ships carrying passengers; and passenger list for ships carrying registered passengers;8. Grain loading permission document for ships carrying grains in bulk; and approval document for ships carrying dangerous goods;9. Logbook;10. Other documents as announced by the competent authority.The shipping administration authority at the ship location may examine the documents of vessel in the first two subparagraphs at any time. The ship owner shall be ordered to apply for a change of registration, or replacement of the relevant certificates of vessel within one month when discrepancy is found.When examiners as mentioned in the preceding paragraph execute their duty, a document for the execution of such duty shall be presented. The examinees may refuse the request of those who fail to present such document.If the documents in Subparagraph 1 and 2 expire during a voyage, they should be considered still valid until the ship arrives at the port of destination.Article 12 　 The name of a ship, to be given by the owner, shall not be identical to that of any other ship. However, this does not apply to the names of small ships that are approved before the enforcement of the amendment of this Law at November 12, 2010.Article 13 　 The ship owner shall determine by himself/herself a port of registry or a place of registration for his/her ship.Article 14 　 If any certificate of a ship stipulated by this Law is missing, broken, or any alteration of entry of any certificate's registration occurs, the owner of the ship shall apply for replacement, reissuance of the certificate or change of registration within 3 months from the date of discovery or occurrence.Chapter 2 Certificate of Vessel's NationalityArticle 15 　 After receipt of the Ship Inspection Certificate and the Tonnage Certificate, the owner of a ship shall register the proprietorship at the shipping administration authority of the port of registry within 3 months pursuant to the Ship Registration Law.The Ship Inspection Certificate referred to in the previous paragraph, pursuant to the provision of Article 31, may be substituted by a valid certificate of international conventions, and a certificate of classification issued by a ship register institute commissioned by the competent authority.Article 16 　 After a ship is registered pursuant to the preceding article, the shipping administration authority shall not only issue the Registration Certificate pursuant to the Ship Registration Law, but also issue the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register); a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) may be issued first if necessary.Article 17 　 A ship owner who acquires a ship at a port other than the recognized port of registry may apply for a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling or the port of registry, by submitting the relevant supporting documents of ship acquisition or original ship nationality. An application for registration of the ship shall be made pursuant to Article 15 herein within 3 months from the date of obtaining the certificate.Article 18 　 In case the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) of a ship is missing, broken or any entry therein is altered when it calls at a port other than the port of registry, the master or owner of the ship may apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling or port of registry for issuance of a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) within 3 months from the date of discovery or occurrence. If the aforesaid event occurs on voyage, the master or owner of the ship may make the above-mentioned application to the shipping administration authority at the port of arrival or port of registry.In case a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) is applied for pursuant to the preceding two paragraphs, the ship owner shall apply for replacement or reissuance of the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) to the shipping administration authority at the port of registry within 3 months from the date of receiving the provisional certificate.Article 19 　 The validity of the Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) shall not exceed six months for a ship navigating abroad, or three months for a ship navigating within domestic waters. However, for cases with proper reasons, application may be made for renewal to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling or port of registry before the expiry of the certificate, stating the reason. Validity of the renewed certificate shall not exceed one month, and only one renewal is allowed.Article 20 　 In the event that a registered ship is lost or wasted, loses its R.O.C. nationality, has been missing for more than six months or sunk and unable to be salvaged or repaired, the owner of the ship shall apply for cancellation of the ship's ownership registration to the shipping administration authority of the ship's port of registry pursuant to the Ship Registration Law, within 4 months after discovery or occurrence of such facts. The Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) of such ship shall then be withdrawn, unless it has been lost.For any ship modified into small ship, the owner of the ship shall apply for registration and issuance of a license pursuant to relevant regulations within 3 months from the date of completion of modification. The original Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) shall be withdrawn, unless it has been lost.Article 21 　 Ship owner who fails to apply for cancellation of registration and submit the certificate for withdrawal pursuant to Paragraph 1 of the preceding article, will be ordered by the shipping administration authority of the port of registry to complete the procedures within one month. For those who still fail to do so without proper reason, the shipping administration authority may cancel the registration, and withdraw the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) at its own discretion.Article 22 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal, imposition of certification fees, validity of certificate, management and regulations on other matters for compliance concerning the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) and Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register).Chapter 3 Inspection of ShipsArticle 23 　 For inspection of a ship, there are special inspection, periodical inspection and additional inspection.Scope of the ship inspection shall include the following:1. Structural strength of various parts of the ship.2. The major and ancillary machines or tools for propelment of the ship.3. Stability of the ship.4. The load line mark, except for ships without technical need for assigning a load line pursuant to the provision of Article 51.5. Subdivision of the ship, except for ships without need for subdivision pursuant to the provision of Article 36.6. Fireproof construction of the ship, except for ships without need for fireproof construction pursuant to the provision of Article 35.7. Ship's marks.8. Ship equipment.Ships shall not sail unless having passed the inspection, and arranged the equipment properly according to regulations.The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the items and content of ship inspection, the inspecting agencies, validity period, application procedures and documents, on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of the Ship Inspection Certificate, and on imposition of inspection fee and certification fee, and other matters for compliance.Article 24 　 Ship equipment as mentioned in Subparagraph 8, Paragraph 2 of the preceding article refers to the following equipment:1. Life-saving appliances2. Fire fighting equipment3. Light, sound and flag signals4. Navigation instrument5. Radio telecommunication equipment6. Accommodation and recreational facilities7. Sanitary and medical equipment8. Ventilation equipment9. Refrigerating and freezing equipment10. Cargo gears11. Drainage and equipments for pollution prevention12. Steering, anchoring and mooring equipment13. Rig and hawser14. Loading and stowing facilities for dangerous goods and bulk cargoes15. Container and securing device for sea transportation.16. Other required equipment as announced by the competent authoritySpecifications, certificates and regulations on other matters for compliance concerning the aforesaid ship equipment shall be set down by the competent authority.Article 25 　 Under any one of the following conditions, ship owners shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for a special inspection:1. The ship is newly built.2. The ship is acquired abroad.3. The hull is overhauled or the propeller is altered.4. The intended use or type is changed.5. Validity of the special inspection has expired.After passing the special inspection, the ship shall be issued or renewed the Ship Inspection Certificate by the shipping administration authority, which shall be valid for five years.Article 26 　 After the special inspection, the ship owner shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for periodical inspection every one full year within 3 months before and after the due date.After passing the periodical inspection, the ship shall obtain an endorsement on the Ship Inspection Certificate from the shipping administration authority.Article 27 　 Under any one of the following conditions, ship owners shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for an additional inspection:1. The ship suffers from a marine casualty.2. The hull, machinery or equipment is in danger of tampering with navigation, personal safety or environmental pollution.3. The ship's seaworthiness is in doubt.After passing the additional inspection, the ship shall get a note on the Ship Inspection Certificate from the shipping administration authority.Article 28 　 The ship owner who disagrees to the result of an inspection may request a re-inspection by stating the reason within one month from the date the inspection of any kind is completed. However, the condition of the ship shall not be changed before the result of the re-inspection is determined.Article 29 　 When the special inspection, periodical inspection or additional inspection as stipulated in Articles 25 to 27 occurs in a foreign country, the owner or master of the ship shall request a local ship register institute commissioned by the competent authority at the port of calling to execute the inspection.After passing the special inspection as stipulated in the preceding paragraph, the owner of the ship shall submit the inspection report to the shipping administration authority at the port of registry for application for issuing or renewing the Ship Inspection Certificate.After the ship has passed the periodical inspection or additional inspection as stipulated in Paragraph 1, the ship register institute shall endorse or note on the Ship Inspection Certificate.Article 30 　 A ship governed by an international convention shall be inspected pursuant to the regulations prescribed in the international convention, and shall possess the certificates specified therein.Article 31 　 A ship possessing valid certificates issued according to an international convention, and is inspected and classified by a ship register institute commissioned by the competent authority, is deemed to have completed the inspection pursuant to the provisions set forth in this Chapter, and exempted from issuance of the Ship Inspection Certificate.Passenger ships of a gross tonnage above 100 tons or capable of carrying over 150 persons shall possess a certificate of classification issued by a ship register institute commissioned by the competent authority.Article 32 　 For a non-R.O.C. flag ship that departs from a R.O.C. international port, the master of the ship shall submit the inspection document or proof of passing inspection to the shipping administration authority of the port for examination.For a non-R.O.C. flag ship that fails to submit the inspection document or proof of passing inspection for examination or whose documents have expired, the shipping administration authority of the port may order improvement to be made within a specified deadline, and the ship shall not depart from the port before fulfillment of the order.The master of the ship who disagrees to the order for improvement or prohibition to depart from the port as mentioned in the preceding paragraph should appeal to the shipping administration authority of the port within 5 days.Article 33 　 For a ship carrying goods in bulk, the owner or master of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for permission before it may sail. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the basic conditions for loading, application for permission, calculation of the assumed heeling moment, fitting device, fixing facility, imposition of loading inspection fee and other matters for compliance.Article 34 　 For a ship carrying dangerous goods, the owner or master of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for permission before it may sail. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the packaging of dangerous goods to be transported, application for permission, marks and labels, loading documents, loading transportation, loading inspection, imposition of inspection fee and other matters for compliance.Article 35 　 The owner or master of a ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for inspection of the ship's fireproof construction, and the ship may only sail after passing the inspection. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the classification of a ship's fireproof construction, fireproof construction of various classes and other matters for compliance.Article 36 　 To ensure the stability required for the safety of navigation, a ship shall be subdivided, for which the owner or master of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for inspection, and the ship may only sail after passing the inspection. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the permitted length and special conditions for the subdivision, stability of a ship under damaged condition, watertight devices of the subdivision and other matters for compliance.Article 37 　 For an hydrofoil, hovercraft, high-speed craft, or special ship, the owner or master of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for inspection, and the ship may only sail after passing the inspection and obtained the certificate. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on inspection, construction, fixture, equipment, passenger cabin, passenger quota, on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of certificates, and on imposition of inspection fee and certification fee, and other matters for compliance.Article 38 　 For a chemical tanker and liquefied gas tanker carrying dangerous or noxious liquid substances or liquefied gas in bulk, the owner or master of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for inspection, and the ship may only sail after passing the inspection. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the construction and stability, safety equipment, imposition of inspection fee and certification fee, and other matters for compliance.Chapter 4 Measurement of ShipsArticle 39 　 Before applying for a Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register), the owner of the ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for tonnage measurement and issuance of the Tonnage Certificate.Article 40 　 The owner of a ship which is built or acquired abroad shall apply to a ship register institute commissioned by the competent authority at the port of calling for tonnage measurement.For ships that have been measured pursuant to the provision in the preceding paragraph, the owner shall apply to the shipping administration authority for issuance of the Tonnage Certificate.Article 41 　 A ship acquired abroad which has been measured by the same mode as that of the R.O.C. may be exempted from re-measurement.A ship acquired abroad which has been measured by a different mode from that of the R.O.C. shall be re-measured through an application made in accordance with the relevant regulations. The owner of the ship may apply for issuance of a Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) before applying for measurement and obtaining the Tonnage Certificate, with the tonnage document issued by the former flag state.Article 42 　 When the ship's type, arrangement or capacity has been altered, or its tonnage measurement or calculation is found incorrect after the ship owner has registered the ship, an application for re-measurement and reissuance of the Tonnage Certificate shall be made. Where such alteration or incorrection is found by the shipping administration authority, the authority shall undertake the re-measurement and reissuance of the Tonnage Certificate.Article 43 　 For a non-R.O.C. flag ship departing from a R.O.C. port, the master of the ship shall submit the Tonnage Certificate to the shipping administration authority of the port for examination.For a non-R.O.C. flag ship that fails to submit the Tonnage Certificate for examination pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the shipping administration authority of the port may order improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The ship shall not depart from the port before fulfillment of the order.The master of the ship who disagrees to the order for improvement or prohibition to depart from the port as mentioned in the preceding paragraph may appeal to the shipping administration authority of the port within 5 days.Article 44 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the application for measurement, measurement, calculation of gross and net tonnages, on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of Tonnage Certificate, and on imposition of measurement fee and certification fee, and other matters for compliance.Chapter 5 Load Lines of ShipsArticle 45 　 The load line represents the maximum draft, which shall not be submerged on her voyage.Article 46 　 All ships shall be provided with a load line certificate, except for ships without technical need for assigning a load line pursuant to the provision of Article 51.Article 47 　 The owner of a ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for the assignment of load lines and the issue of a load line certificate for the ship.The load line certificate of a ship is valid for 5 years. The ship owner shall apply for special inspection before expiry for renewal of the certificate.Article 48 　 After a ship is assigned a load line or undergoes special inspection, the ship owner shall apply for periodical inspection every one full year within three months before and after the assignment or inspection. The certificate shall be endorsed by the shipping administration authority at the port of calling when the results of periodical inspections are considered satisfactory.Article 49 　 A ship shall not sail Under any one of the following conditions:1. A load line shall be assigned but not assigned yet.2. The load line certificate has expired.3. A load line shall be re-assigned but not re-assigned yet.4. Loading of the ship has exceeded the maximum draft specified on the load line certificate.Article 50 　 When a non-R.O.C. flag ship, of which a load line shall be assigned subject to the provisions of the International Load Line Convention or the laws of its flag state, departs from a R.O.C. international port, the master of the ship shall submit the Load Line Certificate or Exemption Certificate to the shipping administration authority of the port for examination. In one of the following conditions, the authority may order improvement to be made by a specified deadline, and the ship shall not depart from the port before fulfillment of the order:1. Failure to submit the load line or exemption certificate for examination or such certificate has expired.2. The ship's load exceeds the maximum draft specified in the load line certificate.3. The position of the load line is inconsistent with that specified in the load line certificate.4. The load line shall be re-assigned but not re-assigned yet.The master of the ship who disagrees to the order for improvement or prohibition to depart from the port as mentioned in the preceding paragraph may appeal to the shipping administration authority of the port within 5 days.Article 51 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the inspections and assignments of load lines; issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of the load line certificate; terms for assigning load lines, freeboard, and load lines of timber deck cargo of ships sailing on international voyages; subdivision load lines of passenger ships, and load lines of ships sailing on inland waters; zones, areas and seasonal periods; and imposition of assignment fee and certification fee; and other matters for compliance.Chapter 6 Passenger ShipsArticle 52 　 The owner of a passenger ship shall apply to the shipping administration authority of the port of calling for issuance of a Passenger Ship Safety Certificate. Ships shall not carry passengers without a Passenger Ship Safety Certificate.The shipping administration authority shall undertake to ratify the certified number of passengers and the navigable waters subject to the conditions of ship's equipment, watertight subdivisions and fireproof construction, which shall be noted in the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate.Passenger ships shall not carry passengers in excess of the aforesaid certified passenger quota, and shall not carry passengers outside the aforesaid specified navigable waters.Article 53 　 The validity of a Passenger Ship Safety Certificate, which is to be ratified by the shipping administration authority, shall not exceed one year, depending on the ship's seaworthiness.In case of entries in the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate being altered or within one month before the expiry of the Certificate, the owner of the passenger ship shall apply for renewal.Ships shall not carry passengers upon expiry of the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate and before renewal of the Certificate.Article 54 　 The seaworthiness of a passenger ship sailing to a foreign port shall be verified by the shipping administration authority before departure. Random sample inspection shall be implemented on passenger ships sailing on inland waters by the shipping administration authority at least three times a year depending on the ship's seaworthiness.Article 55 　 When a non-R.O.C. flag ship carries passengers at a R.O.C. port, the master of the ship shall submit the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for examination. In no case may the ship carry passengers unless its seaworthiness is verified.For non-R.O.C. flag ships that fail to submit the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate for examination as stipulated in the preceding paragraph, the shipping administration authority of the port may order improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The ship shall not depart from the port before fulfillment of the order.The master of the ship who disagrees to the order for improvement or prohibition to depart from the port as mentioned in the preceding paragraph may appeal to the shipping administration authority of the port within 5 days.Article 56 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the inspection of passenger ships, pre-sailing inspection, stability, passenger cabins, passenger quota, fresh waters and accommodation, sanitary facilities, picked-up cargoes, contingency measures, and on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of the Passenger Ship Safety Certificate, imposition of inspection fee and certification fee, and other matters for compliance.Article 57 　 Cargo ships may carry passengers only after the owner or master of the ship has applied for approval of the shipping administration authority. The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on passenger quota, passenger cabins, on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of the Certificate of Fitness for Carrying Passengers, and on inspection, imposition of fees, management, and other matters for compliance.Chapter 7 YachtsArticle 58 　 Inspection and measurement of yachts, once authenticated by a foreign or domestic institution recognized by the competent authority, shall be handled by the shipping administration authority at the port of calling. The registration and issuance of certificate shall be handled by the shipping administration authority at the port of registry or place of registration.For yachts acquired abroad or change of the intended use of existing ships into yachts, the age of the ship may not exceed the years specified in Article 71.Article 59 　 For inspection of yachts, there are special inspection, periodical inspection, additional inspection and voluntary inspection.Yachts may only sail when the following stipulations are met:1. The yacht has passed the inspection.2. The total number of passengers on board does not exceed the quota ratified by the shipping administration authority.3. Equipment is well-arranged according to relevant regulations.Article 60 　 Non-personal yachts shall be assigned a load line pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 5; personal yachts are exempted from assignment of a load line.Article 61 　 An application shall be made by the owner of the yacht for implementing special inspection if:1. When the yacht is newly built,2. The yacht is acquired abroad,3. The hull is modified or the propeller is altered,4. The intended use or type is altered, or5. The validity of special inspection has expired.After the yacht has passed the special inspection, the shipping administration authority shall issue or renew the Certificate of Yacht, which has a valid period for 5 years. For personal yachts not exceeding 24 meters in full length, however, the Certificate of Yacht has no expiry date.Article 62 　 When the owner of a yacht applies for implementation of special inspection pursuant to Subparagraphs 1 to 3, Paragraph 1 of the preceding article, he/she shall also apply for measurement of the ship's capacity at the same time pursuant to relevant regulations.Article 63 　 The owner of a yacht shall submit the ex-factory certificate issued by the manufacturer or certificate of origin for the yacht, for application of the special inspection and measurement mentioned in the preceding article.The aforesaid certificates include the relevant illustrations of the hull structure, and the proof of origin for such machinery as the main engine, propeller, engines, ancillary engine, etc.For yachts constructed by mass production with verified certificate from the shipbuilder, the shipping administration authority at the port of calling may directly register the yacht according to the verified ex-factory certificate endorsed by the shipbuilder, and issue the Certificate of Yacht without implementing special inspection.Article 64 　 Special inspection of yachts shall include the inspection of the hull, stability, propelling machine and shafting, and safety equipment. However, special inspection for newly built yachts shall be done in accordance with the yacht manufacturer's design plan and safety equipment.Article 65 　 The owner of the following yachts shall apply to the shipping administration authority at the port of calling for implementation of periodical inspection every two and a half years from the date of passing the special inspection within 3 months before and after the due date:1. Non-private used yachts2. Private used yachts of a full length of 24 meters or above.3. Private used yachts of a full length not exceeding 24 meters, and more than 12 passengers in total.Yacht of an age above 12 years shall apply for implementation of periodical inspection every one full year of age within 3 months before and after the due date.After passing the periodical inspection, the yacht shall be given endorsement on the Certificate of Yacht by the shipping administration authority.Article 66 　 The owner of yachts of a full length under 24 meters and less than 12 passengers shall implement voluntary inspection and fill in the voluntary inspection form every one full year from the date of passing the special inspection within one month before the due date, and the submit the form together with the Certificate of Yacht to the shipping administration authority of the port of registry or place of registration for future reference.Personal yachts shall not sail without completing the stipulated procedures as mentioned in the preceding paragraph.After the yacht has passed the additional inspection as stipulated in Paragraph 1 of Article 27, the shipping administration authority shall make a note on the Certificate of Yacht.Article 67 　 For yachts having passed the inspection and measurement, the owner shall apply for registration at the shipping administration authority within 3 months pursuant to the following stipulations:1. Yachts of 20 gross tons or above shall be registered according to the provisions in the Ship Registration Law.2. Yachts under 20 gross tons shall be registered according to the provision of Article 71.After the yachts of Subparagraph 1 in the preceding paragraph are registered, the shipping administration authority shall issue a Certificate of Registry.Article 68 　 In the event that a registered yacht is lost or wasted, loses its R.O.C. nationality, has been missing for more than six months or sunk and unable to be salvaged or repaired, the owner of the yacht shall apply for cancellation of the yacht's registry to the shipping administration authority at the port of registry or place of registration within 4 months from the date of discovery or occurrence of such facts. The Certificate of Yacht and Certificate of Registry shall then be withdrawn, unless they have been lost.Article 69 　 Yacht owner who fails to apply for cancellation of registration and submit the certificates for withdrawal pursuant to the provision of the preceding article, will be ordered by the shipping administration authority of the port of registry or place of registration to complete the procedures within one month. For those who still fail to do so without proper reason, the shipping administration authority may cancel the registration, and withdraw the Certificate of Yacht and Certificate of Registry at its own discretion.Article 70 　 A yacht shall not be used for passenger or cargo transportation, fishing business, or any other purposes than entertainment, but fishing activity not for business purpose is allowed.For yacht activities that do not involve entry/exit of the border, relevant information about the ship, the voyage and the persons shall be reported to the coast guard authority at the port of departure by means of e-mail, fax or in person. The relevant forms and procedures shall be determined by the coast guard authority.Regulations concerning the customs clearance, entry/exit, health inspection, safety inspection procedures for yachts involved in entry/exit of the border shall be determined the competent authority in conjunction with all relevant authorities.Application for a foreign yacht entering the country shall be made 48 hours in advance, and the Ministry of The Interior shall decide on approval or rejection within 24 hours after the application is made.Article 71 　 Yacht owners shall effect the liability insurance at a premium specified by the competent authority. Failure to do so shall result in prohibition to depart from the port.The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on inspection, measurement, equipment, maximum number of passengers, insurance premium, limitation on age of the ship, navigable waters of the yachts, Certificate of Yacht, registration, imposition of relevant fees and other matters for compliance.Authorities of various grades in charge of the commercial ports, fishing ports, coasts and rivers shall institute yacht parking and yacht towing areas at suitable locations within their jurisdictions, and plan, develop and manage the areas according to relevant laws and regulations.Article 72 　 Provisions in this Law, except those in this Chapter, Chapter 1, Paragraph 2 of Article 23, Paragraph 1 of Article 24, Paragraph 1 of Article 27, Article 28, Paragraph 1 of Article 29, Article 30, Article 32, Paragraph 1 of Article 40, Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 first half of Article 41, Paragraph 1 of Article 84, Article 89, Articles 91 to 95, Subparagraph 1 of Article 97 and Articles 99 to 102, are not applicable to private used yachts.Provisions in this Law, except those in this Chapter, Chapter 1, Paragraph 2 of Article 23, Paragraph 1 of Article 24, Paragraph 1 of Article 27, Article 28, Paragraph 1 of Article 29, Article 30, Article 32, Paragraph 1 of Article 40, Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 first half of Article 41, Chapter 5, Paragraph 1 of Article 84, Article 89, Articles 91 to 95, Subparagraph 1 of Article 97 and Articles 99 to 102, are not applicable to non-private used yachts.Chapter 8 Small ShipsArticle 73 　 The shipping administration authority at the port of calling shall undertake the inspection and measurement of the small ships. The shipping administration authority at the place of registration shall handle the registration and issuance of Small Ship License. A small ship shall not sail without the Small Ship License issued by the shipping administration authority. For business needs, the competent authority may commission a ship register institute or licensed and qualified shipbuilder to carry out the inspection and measurement tasks.The shipbuilder who is the designer of the small ship shall not work on the inspection and measurement of the same small ship. Those who fail to decline the commission of inspection and measurement shall be terminated for the commissioned work, and the inspection and measurement results shall be void.Effective date of the provision concerning the shipping administration authority's undertakings as per Paragraph 1 shall be determined by the Executive Yuan.Article 74 　 For inspection of small ships, there are special inspection, periodical inspection and additional inspection.Small ships may only sail if the following stipulations are met:1. Having passed the inspection.2. Number of passengers does not exceed the quota ratified by the shipping administration authority pursuant to Article 81.3. Equipment is well-arranged pursuant to relevant regulations.Article 75 　 The owner of a small ship shall apply for implementation of special inspection Under any one of the following conditions:1. The ship is newly built.2. The ship is acquired abroad.3. The hull is modified or the propeller is altered.4. The intended use or type is changed.5. The validity of the special inspection has expired.After the small ship has passed the special inspection, the shipping administration authority shall issue or renew the Small Ship License.Article 76 　 In event of the situation in Subparagraph 1 or 2, Paragraph 1 of the preceding article, the small ship shall apply for measurement. For small ships that are already measured, but have changed the hull capacity due to modification of the hull, an application shall be made for re-measurement.Article 77 　 For small ships having passed the special inspection and measurement, the owner shall apply for registration and issuance of license to the shipping administration authority by submitting the measurement documents.For small ships constructed by mass production with manufacturer approval, type approval and product approval given by a ship register institute commissioned by the shipping administration authority, the shipping administration authority at the port of calling may directly register the small ship according to the verified ex-factory certificate endorsed by the ship register institute, and issue the license without implementing special inspection.Article 78 　 After the special inspection, the owner of a small ship shall apply for implementation of periodical inspection according to the following timelines:1. Power-driven passenger small ships: within 3 months before and after the due date of every one full year.2. Power-driven non-passenger small ships: within 3 months before and after the due date of every two full years.3. Non-power driven small ships: within 3 months before and after the due date of every three full years.After the small ship has passed the periodical inspection, the shipping administration authority shall endorse on the Small Ship License.After the small ship has passed the additional inspection as stipulated in Paragraph 1 of Article 27, the shipping administration authority shall make a note on the Small Ship License.Article 79 　 For small ship owners' application of inspection and measurement, the shipping administration authority shall send an officer to do on-site inspection or inform the owner to present the ship at specified port.Article 80 　 For small ships carrying passengers or cargoes, the maximum draft mark shall be assigned, and marked on the external surfaces of the shipboards on two sides at the middle part of the hull. However, this does not apply to ships that are unable to be assigned a draft mark because of its design, structure, type, use or special functions, and are approved by the shipping administration authority.Small ships with an assigned maximum draft mark shall not carry loads exceeding the mark when sailing.Article 81 　 The owner of a passenger small ship shall apply for inspection to the shipping administration authority. The small ship may only carry passengers after having passed the inspection, and the passenger quota and navigable waters are being ratified, and marked on the Small Ship License by the shipping administration authority.Article 82 　 Provisions in this Law, except those in this Chapter, Chapter 1, Paragraph 2 of Article 23, Paragraph 1 of Article 24, Paragraph 1 of Article 27, Article 28, Paragraph 1 of Article 40, Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 first half of Article 41, Article 89, Paragraph 2 of Article 90, Articles 92 to 94, Subparagraph 1 of Article 97 and Article 98 to 102, are not applicable to small ships.Article 83 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the passenger quota, contingency preparation and registration of small ships, issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment or withdrawal of Small Ship License, imposition of fees and other matters for compliance.The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the hull, main engine, ancillary engine and stern shaft of small ships, on the inspection and measurement of the electrical equipment, drainage facility, steering, anchoring and mooring equipment, life-saving equipment, fire-fighting equipment and fireproof facilities, living and emergency escape facilities, navigating devices and other accessory devices, and on the imposition of inspection fee and measurement fee, and other matters for compliance.Chapter 9 Ship Register Institutes and Ship SurveyorsArticle 84 　 The competent authority may commission a ship register institute to handle the following tasks for business needs:1. Inspection and measurement of ships, and issuance of certificates2. Various ship examinations stipulated by international conventions and issuance of certificates3. Assignment and verification of a ship's load line, and issuance of certificatesWhen the ship register institute is working on the aforesaid commissioned tasks, an experienced ship surveyor shall be hired to take charge of the tasks and to sign for endorsement.Article 85 　 R.O.C. nationals must pass the ship surveyor's examination and applied to the shipping administration authority for issuance of a practicing certificate before engaging in the practice.During the practice as a ship surveyor, ship surveyors may not be engaged in work related to the duty of a ship surveyor such as private or public shipping carrier business, shipping agency business or shipbuilding factories, etc.Article 86 　 The practicing certificate of a ship surveyor is valid for 5 years. Licensed ship surveyors shall apply for renewal of the practicing certificate one month before the expiry of the license, enclosing the original practicing certificate and supporting documents of the service experience.Article 87 　 Persons Under any one of the following circumstances may not take the practice as a ship surveyor. For those who have already been a practicing ship surveyor, their practicing certificate shall be withdrawn or annulled:1. Those who have been convicted of offenses against internal and external security.2. Those who are sentenced to one-year imprisonment or above due to business-related criminal acts, and no probation is pronounced.3. Those whose exam qualification is withdrawn or annulled pursuant to the provisions of Examination Act.4. Those who are diagnosed to have psychiatric disorder or abnormal physical or mental status, and verified by a relevant specialist doctor designated by the competent authority as unfit for the practice.5. Those whose pronouncement of custody or assistance has not been withdrawn.6. Those who are declared bankrupt, and whose rights are not yet recovered.7. Those who are over 65 years of age.Article 88 　 The competent authority shall undertake to prescribe and give effect to the regulations on the issuance, renewal/replacement, annulment, cancellation or withdrawal of the practicing certificate for a ship surveyor, imposition of fees and other matters for compliance.Chapter 10 PenaltiesArticle 89 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Article 8, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000 on the owner or master of a ship, or steerer of a yacht or a small ship, and may order immediate exit from the port.Article 90 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Paragraph 3 of Article 52, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT5,000 and NT50,000 on the owner or master of a passenger ship, and order a prohibition of navigation and improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The ship may be release for sailing only after the improvement is made.In case of violation of the provisions of Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 2 of Article 74, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT5,000 and NT50,000 on the owner or steerer of a small ship, and order a prohibition of navigation and improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The ship may be release for sailing only after the improvement is made.Article 91 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 2 of Article 59 or Paragraph 1 of Article 70, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT5,000 and NT50,000 on the owner or steerer of a yacht, and order a prohibition of navigation and improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The yacht may be released for sailing only after the improvement is made.In case of violation of the provisions of Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 66, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or steerer of a yacht, and order a prohibition of navigation and improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The yacht may be released for sailing only after the improvement is made.Article 92 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Paragraph 1 of Article 15, Paragraph 3 of Article 23, Paragraph 1 of Article 25, Paragraph 1 of Article 26, Paragraph 1 of Article 27, Article 30, Article 39, the first half of Article 42, Article 49, Paragraph 1 of Article 52, Paragraph 2 or 3 of Article 53, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or master of a ship, or steerer of a yacht or a small ship, and order a prohibition of navigation and improvement to be made by a specified deadline. The ship may be released for sailing only after the improvement is made.Article 93 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Article 9, Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 11, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or master of a ship, or steerer of a yacht or a small ship, and order improvement to be made by a specified deadline.Article 94 　 Under any one of the following circumstances, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or master of a ship, or steerer of a yacht or a small ship:1. Violation of the provisions of Article 6, Article 7 or Paragraph 2 of Article 20.2. Failure to apply for change in registration of a ship or renewal of relevant certificates of a ship by the deadline specified in Paragraph 3 of Article 11.3. Violating the order of navigating prohibition.Article 95 　 In case of violation of the provisions of Paragraph 1 of Article 61, Article 62, Paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 65, Paragraph 1 of Article 67 or Article 68, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or steerer of a yacht.Article 96 　 Ship surveyors violating Article 85 or Article 86 shall be fined between NT,000 and NT0,000 by the shipping administration authority.Article 97 　 Under any one of the following circumstances, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner of a ship or the steerer of a yacht:1. Violation of the provisions of Paragraphs 1 to 3 of Article 10 or Article 14 and failure to apply for the change and registration.2. Violation of the provisions of Article 17, and failure to register for ownership of a ship within 3 months from the date of obtaining the Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register).3. Violation of the provisions of Article 18, and failure to apply for renewal or replacement of the Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register) within 3 months from the date of obtaining the Provisional Certificate of Vessel's Nationality (Register).4. Violation of the provisions of the first half of Article 33, first half of Article 34, first half of Article 35, first half of Article 36, first half of Article 37, first half of Article 38 or half first of Article 57, and sailing or carrying passengers without permission, passing the inspection or approval from the shipping administration authority.5. Violation of the provisions of Subparagraphs 1 and 3, Paragraph 2 of Article 59.Article 98 　 Under any one of the following circumstances, the shipping administration authority shall impose a fine between NT,000 and NT0,000 on the owner or steerer of a small ship:1. Violation of the provisions of the latter half of Paragraph 1 of Article 73, and sailing without a Small Ship License issued by the shipping administration authority.2. Violation of the provisions of Subparagraphs 1 and 3 of Paragraph 2 of Article 74, Paragraph 1 of Article 75, Article 76, Paragraph 1 of Article 77, Paragraph 1 of Article 78, Paragraph 2 of Article 80 or Article 81.Article 99 　 The same ship owner, master, yacht steerer or small ship steerer who has been punished by the shipping administration authority twice or more within one year due to the same act provided in Articles 90 to 92, Article 94, Article 95, Article 97 or Article 98 shall be imposed a suspension of navigation on the ship between 7 days and one months as well.Article 100　 Punishments for the master or steerer of a ship as stipulated in this Law are applicable to acting masters, steerers or other persons assuming their duty.Punishments for the ship owner as stipulated in this Law are applicable to charterers of a ship.Chapter 11 Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 101　 For other rules and regulations on ship technology and management, the competent authority may refer to the standards, recommendations, measures or procedures set down in the relevant international conventions or agreements and their annexes, and adopt them for promulgation and enforcement.Article 102　 This Law shall come into force on the date of promulgation, unless otherwise specified
