Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 5, Article 63 of the Highway Act, (hereinafter referred to as the Act).Article 2　 Terms herein are defined as follows:1. Vehicle safety type approval: The examinations conducted for the safety and specifications of motor vehicles before applying for the new license.2. Vehicle type: means the different vehicle type, expressed by sign, that declared by the vehicle manufacturer or the vehicle body manufacturer.3. Vehicle family: Means the entire set of different vehicle variants which conform to the principles below：(1) The same chassis brand and manufacturing country.(2) The same complete vehicle brand and manufacturing country.(3) The same vehicle body brand and country of manufacturer.(4) The same vehicle category (purpose).(5) The same type of vehicle body.(6) The same axle set type.(7) The same axle weight, gross vehicle weight and gross combination weight under certification.(8) The same chassis type series declared by chassis manufacturer.(9) The same vehicle type series declared by vehicle manufacturer.(10) For the high-pressure gas fueled vehicle, the same brand and model of main structure, device in gas fuel system.4. Extended vehicle variant: The new vehicle variant that the applicant plans to add to the vehicle family.5. Safety inspection and testing: The inspection and testing of vehicle or its device according to the vehicle safety testing directions established by Ministry of Transportation and Communications (hereinafter, MOTC).6. Examination of conformity of production (COP): means review of COP plan and check of COP to ensure the mass-produced vehicle safety quality compliant with the approved vehicle under the vehicle safety type approval. The check of COP includes the checks of annual reports, on-site checks and sampling inspection and testing.7. Technical service: Domestic or foreign institution, which obtains the approval from MOTC for safety inspection and testing of vehicles or its devices.8. Certification institution: The domestic professional vehicle institution authorized by MOTC to process relevant affairs of vehicle safety type approval.Article 3　 The vehicles manufactured, constructed or imported by domestic vehicle manufacturers, chassis manufacturers, body constructors or importers shall apply for the tests conducted by technical services or certification institution to acquire test reports according to the Vehicle Safety Testing Directions. Then proceed with the application toward certification institution and acquire the Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate and then apply for registration, inspection and get the new license plate from the motor vehicle authorities.Article 4　 In order to manage the safety type approval of motor vehicles, MOTC may authorize the professional vehicle institution with certification ability to be the certification institution, to manage the inspection and testing, on-site checking, examination, examination of COP, making and issuing the safety type approval certificate, document examination and on-site audit of technical services, making and issuing of technical service approval certificate, supervision and assessment of technical services and their witnessed-laboratory.The above-authorized issues and the relevant regulations shall be published on government gazettes or newspaper by MOTC.Chapter II Motor vehicle safety type approvalArticle 5　 The qualification of applicants for applying the vehicle safety type approval are as below：1. For the locally made complete vehicles, the applicant shall be the manufacturer.2. For the imported whole vehicles, the applicant shall be the importer.3. For the vehicles with the locally made chassis and the bodies made by other body makers, the applicant shall be the chassis manufacturer or body constructors.4. For the vehicles composed of imported chassis and the locally made bodies, the applicant shall be the chassis importer or body constructors.5. For the vehicles composed of locally made bodies and imported chassis by body makers, the applicant shall be the body constructors.6. Domestic vehicle manufacturer or body maker who use other brand’s completed vehicles or chassis vehicles for transform or alter, it must be vehicle manufacturer or body constructors.7. For the whole vehicles imported by authorities, organizations、schools or individuals for self-use only, the applicant shall be the authorities, organizations, schools or individuals.8. For the vehicle with chassis imported by authorities, organizations, schools or individuals and body made by local body constructors for self-use only, the applicants shall be the import authorities, organization, schools, individuals or the body constructors.Article 6　 When applying for vehicle safety type approval, the applicants shall provide the following documents and make application toward the certification institution. The documents of the application shall contain stampings of the applicants and duty persons on them or the electronically certified method which can assure the applicant identification:1. The copy of applicant qualification documents.(1) Domestic vehicle manufacturer shall provide the company registration or commercial registration documents and factory registration documents.(2) The vehicles body constructors shall provide the factory registration or commercial registration documents.(3) The importer shall provide the company registration or commercial registration documents.(4) For the authorized importer vehicle or chassis, authorization documents shall also be provided.(5) The vehicle imported for self-use by authorities, organizations, schools or individuals shall provide the formal proving documents.2. The specifications and technical information:(1) Basic data sheet.(2) Specifications information of each vehicle type.(3) The complete vehicle photographs of each vehicles type with dimensions specified.(4) Illustrating documents of location and method of approval mark specified in Article 16.(5) For gravel and sand truck, concrete mixer truck and tank truck, shall provide the calculation instruction documents of loading volume dimension of each vehicle type.(6) For Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) fuel system vehicles, shall provide proving documents specified in attachment 10 of Road Traffic Safety Regulations.(7) For large passenger vehicles, child-only vehicles and school buses, shall provide allocationdrawings of seats.(8) For large passenger vehicle manufactured by local body constructors, the applicant shall provide documents as below:A. The construction manual of body on chassis.B. The body construction self check list, the illustrations of superstructure design and body construction, the illustrations shall include six views of vehicle body, five views of chassis, frame information specification, the drawing or photograph of truss weights and locations.C. The body construction self-check list for each vehicle type of class I and class II large passenger vehicles signed by people with level B welding technical certificate or others welding technician approved by certification institution.D. The calculation document of strength of superstructure.(9) For class I and class II large passenger vehicle manufactured by local body constructors and imported by importer, additional documents shall provide as below:A. The verification documents of durability test.B. The body construction self-check list for each vehicle type signed by people with level B welding technical certificate or other welding technician approved by certification institution. However, if the assembly line is automated to certain extent and approved by certification institution, then this check list may be exempted.C. The main component list of each vehicle type.3. Examination report acquired for each vehicle type and testing item according to Article 14. The applicants can be different from the owners of the examination reports except for vehicles specification requirements in Vehicle Safety Testing Directions. If the applicants of vehicle safety type approval are different from the owners of the examination report, the applicants shall provide authorization document from the owners of examination report.If the complete vehicles or chassis of other makes are altered by domestic vehicle manufacturers or body constructors, and considered there is safety concern by the certification institution through MOTC, the applicants shall provide authorization document from the manufacturers of completed vehicle or chassis vehicle.Article 6-1　 For vehicle manufacturers and body constructors applying for vehicle safety type approval for the first time, the applicants shall provide the following documents and their plant shall be assessed and approved by certification institution:1. Plant address and scale documents.2. The COP control plan.3. The verification documents of durability test. Electric motorcycle manufacturers shall also provide the documents of vehicle handling stability test and the document which shows the difference between the vehicle type and electric power-auxiliary bicycle or electric bicycle.4. For applicants authorized by foreign manufacturers to assemble or manufacture vehicles, authorization documents from foreign manufacturers shall be provided.5. For applicants not authorized by foreign manufacturers to assemble or manufacture vehicles, the design and development technical documents about the performance of powertrain and braking, and analysis of vehicle structure shall be provided. For large passenger vehicle manufacturers, research and development technical capability documents shall be provided.Article 7　 When there is one of following conditions, the applicants shall apply for low volume vehicle safety type approval instead:1. Applicants (vehicle importers, authorities, organizations, schools or individuals) who can not obtain the authorization documents by foreign original vehicle or chassis manufacturers specified in Item 4 of Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 6.2. Those who cannot provide the examination report according to Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1, Article 6.3. Vehicles have been used but not scrapped from abroad.4. Vehicles have been used in the terminals of non-highway scopes.5. The vehicles of new vehicle chassis assembled with used body or used additional equipments.When applying for vehicle safety type approval, if the examined vehicles are of the same vehicle type and specifications and the amount of examined vehicles are not over 20, it may apply for low volume safety type approval.When applying for the low volume safety approval, the vehicles shall be of the same type and specifications shall be identical. The vehicle amount of each case shall be not over 20. But for the conditions of Subparagraph 3 to 5 of Paragraph 1, Article 7, applicants shall vehicle-by-vehicle apply for the low volume type safety approval.For the vehicles of Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1, Article 7, except the vehicles imported by authorities, organizations, schools or individuals for self-use only, the vehicles shall be those who have already obtained all the examination report or inspection and testing report.Article 8　 When applying for the low volume safety approval, the applicant need to provide following documents toward certification institution:1. The documents stipulated in Subparagraph 1 and 2 of Paragraph 1, Article 6.2. The documents of vehicle’s certificate of origin and engine numbers or vehicle body numbers.3. The examination report or safety inspect and testing report of each testing items according to Article 14. Except for examination reports or test reports for the vehicles specification items in Vehicle Safety Testing Directions, the applicants may be different from the owners of examination reports or test reports. If the applicant is different from the owner of the examination or test report, applicants shall provide authorization and agreement document from the report owner.If approval vehicles which have been used but not scrapped from abroad, applicants shall provide following original documents of each vehicle, document will be returned after examination:1. The foreign vehicle license or other vehicles proving documents. If the on-board date is after 2007/7/1, applicants provide proving documents which specify the date of origin of vehicle.2. The Custom import and commodity tax payment (Exemption) certificate（for vehicles use）, if the documents from Custom or Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 2, Article 8 shows the vehicle was damaged, defect or insurance or accident repaired, the applicant shall provide following additional documents:(1) Import certificate (including declared list form of imported sedans).(2) If the vehicles have damages or defects, after the certification institution report to MOTC and considers there is safety concern, the applicants shall provide the repair documents from the authorized importer.(3) For insurance or accident recycled vehicles, the applicant shall provide the repair documents from the vehicle manufacturers or authorized importers.(4)For the imported vehicles with buy back records of insurance, accident or safety recalls, if the on-board date of is 2010/1/1 or after, the applicant shall additionally provide the following documents:A.The repair documents issued by the original manufacturers or their importers which were verified by the foreign governments or their notary organization and our foreign embassies, consulates and agencies.B.The documents, that the vehicle purchasers have full understanding that the vehicles are recycled because of insurance, accident or safety defects.The import tax and commodity tax (Exemption) certificate（for vehicles only use）specified in the previous item may be substituted by electronic import and commodity tax payment (Exemption) certificate from tariff authority.Article 9　 After accepting the application of vehicle safety type approval; the certification institution shall process the examination and ratification of vehicle specification according to the vehicle family regarding principles, vehicle type and specification variation, conformance with Vehicles Safety Testing Directions and relevant vehicle safety factors etc. After type approval passed and specification ratified, certification institution shall provide the vehicle safety type approval reports to the MOTC to issue the Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate.Article 10 　 After accepting the application of low volume vehicle safety type approval; the certification institution shall randomly select one vehicle to process examination and ratification of specification according to conformance with Vehicles Safety Testing Directions and relevant vehicle safety factors etc and send its representative to make an on-site surveillance check for vehicle quantity and specification. After type approval passed and specification ratified, certification institution shall provide the low volume vehicle safety type approval reports to the MOTC to issue the Low Volume Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate.Article 11 　 The valid duration of Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate and Low Volume Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate is two years after the certifying date. If the whole vehicle inspection and testing items cannot comply with the items in Vehicles Safety Testing Directions being promulgated but not implemented yet, then the current valid duration can not be over the implementation date of the item specified therein.The Certificate Document specified in Paragraph 1 of Article 11 includes the Certificate and vehicle type of specifications information.The formats of Vehicle Safety Type Approval and Low Volume Vehicle Safety Type Approval Certificate are in attachment 1 and 2.Attachment 1：Vehicle Safety Type Approval of Certificate.pdfAttachment 2：Low Volume Safety Type Approval of Certificate.pdf
