Chapter One - General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This Act is enacted to protect intellectual property rights, properly handle intellectual property cases, and further the nation's technological and economic development.Article 2　 The Intellectual Property Court Act shall govern matters in relation to civil, criminal and administrative actions over intellectual property.Article 3　 Jurisdiction of the Intellectual Property Court includes the following:1. First instance and second instance civil actions for the protection of intellectual property rights and interests arising under the Patent Act, Trademark Act, Copyright Act, Optical Disk Act, Trade Secret Act, Regulations Governing the Protection of Integrated Circuits Configuration, Species of Plants and Seedling Act, or Fair Trade Act.2. Offenses under Articles 253 to 255, 317 and 318 of the Criminal Code, violation of the Trademark Act, Copyright Act, Trade Secrets Act, Paragraph 1, Article 35 of the Fair Trade Act concerning offences under Paragraph 1, Article 20, Article 36 of the Fair Trade Act concerning offenses under Subparagraph 5, Article 19, cases under Paragraph 1, Article 35 and Paragraph 1, Article 36 of the Intellectual Property Case Adjudication Act, and appeals against the decisions on criminal actions rendered by district courts in the first instance in an ordinary, summary, or plea bargain proceeding. Criminal actions involving juveniles shall be excluded.3. First instance administrative actions and compulsory enforcement actions concerning intellectual property rights arising under the Patent Act, Trademark Act, Copyright Act, Optical Disk Act, Regulations Governing the Protection of Integrated Circuits Configuration, Species of Plants and Seedling Act, or Fair Trade Act.4. Other cases prescribed by law or determined by the Judicial Yuan to be within the jurisdiction of the Intellectual Property Court.Article 4　 The Judicial Yuan shall determine the location of the Intellectual Property Court. The Judicial Yuan may set up additional branches of the Intellectual Property Court based on geographic need and the docket load.Article 5　 The Taiwan High Prosecutors Office, Intellectual Property Branch shall be set up as the counterpart of the Intellectual Property Court; the type and the required number of the personnel thereof shall be in accordance with the Schedule.Prosecutors of the Prosecutors Office of district courts and branches thereof handle criminal cases prescribed in Subparagraph 2 and 4 of Article 3; the immediate superior Chief Prosecutor of the Prosecutors Office shall be the Chief Prosecutor of the Taiwan High Prosecutors Office, Intellectual Property Branch.Schedule to Article 5 of the Intellectual Property Court Act.doc
