Article 1
This Act is enacted in accordance with the provisions of Article 22-1 of the Judicial Yuan Organization Act. Article 2
The Judges Academy (hereinafter is referred to as "the Academy") is charged with following matters:1. Drafting and implementing pre-job training programs for judges as stipulated in the provisions of the law, except those otherwise provided for by the Judicial Personnel Ordinance, the provisions of which shall prevail.2. Drafting and implementing on-the-job training for judges.3. Matters concerning the international exchange of workshops and training for judges, and cooperation with domestic academic and research institutions.4. Matters concerning the research and development of education and training courses, methods and teaching materials for judges5. Drafting and implementing on-the-job training programs for staff working in the personnel, accounting, statistics, and internal affairs departments of the Judicial Yuan and its subordinate agencies.6. Other matters as prescribed by the Judicial Yuan relating to education, training programs and research.The provisions of the preceding Paragraph are applicable to the education of other judicial staff working at the Judicial Yuan and its subordinate agencies.An Education and Training Planning Committee shall be set up to formulate the training guidelines, and the planning of training programs for Judges' pre-job training as prescribed in Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 1, and the on-the-job training as prescribed in Subparagraph 2.The Committee as prescribed in the preceding Paragraph shall consist of 15 members and the President of this Academy shall be the convener, while the remaining membership shall include: eight judges from every level of the courts and professional courts; one prosecutor and one lawyer; and two experts, two scholars and two impartial citizens. Either gender must occupy no less than one-third of the Committee seats.The Committee members of the preceding Paragraph shall be selected by the Academy. All Committee positions are without remuneration.The member lists and meeting records of the Education and Training Planning Committee for Judges, shall be made public by the initiative of the Committee. Article 3
The Academy shall have one President with a selection rank of 14th grade in charge of the overall administration of the Academy. Article 4
The Academy shall have one Chief Secretary with a selection rank of 10th to 11th grade. Article 5
The Academy shall have following divisions:1. The Academic Affairs Division2. The Student Affairs Division3. The Research and Development Division4. The General Affairs DivisionIf necessary, each Division may be divided into sections, depending on their work load. Article 6
The Academy shall have: 4 Division Chiefs, and 2 to 3 Specialized Committee Members with a selection rank of 10th to 11th grade each; 6 to 10 instructors with a recommendation rank of 9th grade to a selection rank of 10th grade; 5 to 14 specialists, and 1 analyst with a recommendation rank of 7th to 9th grade; 1 Manager with a recommendation rank of 6th to 8th grade; 14 to 21 Division Clerks, and 1 to 2 Technical Specialists with an elementary rank of 5th grade, or a recommendation rank of 6th to 7th grade; 1 to 2 Assistant Designers with an elementary rank of 4th to 5th grade, one of whom may have the ranking of a recommendation rank of 6th grade; 7 to 10 Processing Clerks with an elementary rank of 3rd to 5th grade; and 6 to 9 Clerks with an elementary rank of 1st to 3rd grade. Article 7
For purposes of research and development, and to provide interaction with domestic and overseas academics, research institutions or judicial agencies, the Academy may have 2 research fellows with a selection rank of 10th grade, and 4 associate research fellows with a recommendation rank of 8th to 9th grade.One half of the personnel as prescribed in the preceding Paragraph shall be employed in accordance with the rules and regulations relating to the Educators Appointment Act, in which the qualifications for associate professors shall apply to the hiring of research fellows, and the qualifications for assistant professors shall apply to the hiring of associate research fellows. Article 8
The Academy shall have a Personnel Office to be staffed with one Director with a recommendation rank of 9th grade to a selection rank of 10th grade; while the remaining number of the required personnel to be employed shall be within the number of personnel delineated in this Act. Article 9
The Academy shall have an Accounting and Statistics Office to be staffed with one Director with a recommendation rank of 9th grade to a selection rank of 10th grade; while remaining number of the required personnel to be employed shall be within the number of personnel delineated in this Act. Article 10
The Judicial Yuan may transfer judges to serve at the Academy.The Academy may employ judges or other professionals as part-time lecturers. Article 11
The Academy may set up various committees as demanded by the business requirements, wherein the required number of personnel to be employed shall be within the number of personnel delineated in this Act.The members of the various committees as prescribed in the preceding Paragraph shall include both genders with either gender occupying no less than one-third of the Committee seats. Article 12
The departmental procedures and various administrative regulations of the Academy shall be formulated by the Academy and submitted to the Judicial Yuan for approval. Article 13
The Judicial Yuan shall prescribe the enforcement date of this Act. 
