Article 1
This Act controls oaths of all civil servants stipulated in the Act except for special issues by other laws. Article 2
The following civil servants shall oath in accordance with this Act：1. Legislatures, councilors of the special municipality, county/city councilors, and township/city representatives.2. The speaker and deputy speaker of Legislative Yuan, the speaker and deputy speaker of the council of　the special municipality and county/city council, as well as that for the chairperson and vice chairperson of township/city council.　3. Political appointees, directors, and deputy directors, and heads of departments to ten-grade positions of the senior level above in all agencies of central governments.4. Justices of Judicial Yuan, members of Examination Yuan, and President, Vice President, and members of Control Yuan.5. Ambassador, minister, charge d'affaires, consul general, and consul in the consulate, or other equivalent supervising personnel in diplomatic missions.6. Judges and prosecutors in all levels of courts, judges in administrative courts, and commissioners of Commission on the Disciplinary and Sanction of Functionaries.7. Mayors, committees, and heads of subordinate institutes in the special municipality 8. Magistrates and heads of subordinate institutes in county/city9. Mayors in township/ city10. Principals of all-level public schools11. Chiefs, directors, board members, and supervisors of public enterprises or subordinate institutes, equivalent to ten-grade positions of the senior level above. Article 3
Civil servants stipulated in the previous article shall make oaths when holding the posts.The persons specified in the previous paragraph shall make oaths on alternative dates when unable to make oaths on designated dates.The persons stipulated in Subparagraph 2 to Subparagraph 11 shall supplement oaths within 3 months since prior taking the post due to special reasons. Article 4
Persons supervising oaths are specified as follows：1. Justice of Judicial Yuan for legislatures, speaker, deputy speaker of Legislative Yuan; judge of the equivalent-level court for councilors, speaker, and deputy speaker of council of the special municipality and county/city; and designated personnel from local autonomy supervising government agency for representatives, chairperson, and deputy chairperson of township/city council.2. President or designated personal for Political appointees of central government, justices of Judicial Yuan, members of Examination Yuan, members, president, and vice president of Control Yuan, and ambassador and consul.3. Head of working agency, head of supervising agency, or designated personnel for others stipulated in Article 2 except for those in above 2 subparagraphs. Article 5
Oaths shall be made in working offices or places designated by the supervising agency. Persons making oath shall stand at attention and face to the national flag and the picture of nation father, raise the right hand straight, open, closing fingers, and to the front, and read oaths. Article 6
Oaths shall include:1. For the persons stipulated in Subparagraph 1 of Article 2：I do solemnly and sincerely that I will observe the Constitution, be royal to the nation, and work as representative of nationals without covering mal behaviors, pursuing personal profits, receiving bribery, and interfering judicial process. Should I break my oath, I shall be willing to submit myself to severest punishment. This is my solemn oath.2. For the persons stipulated in Subparagraph 2 to Subparagraph 11 of Article 2：I do solemnly and sincerely that I will observe regulations, faithfully perform my duties, and contribute myself to the nation without wasting public money, employing improper personnel, covering mal behaviors, pursuing personal profits, and receiving bribery. Should I break my oath, I shall be willing to submit myself to severest punishment. This is my solemn oath. Article 7
Oath documents shall be signed and stamped by the oath supervisor, and sent to the agency of the supervisor to submitting for recordation. Article 8
Civil servants stipulated in Article 2 shall be deemed as not holding the post if not abiding by this Act to make oaths, be deemed as post available if not making oaths on any other designated dates, and be deemed as resignation if not supplementing oaths within 3 months since prior taking the post as provisions in Article 4 unless reasons not attributable to the oath makers for not making oaths on other alterative dates or for not supplementing oaths within 3 months. Article 9
Any breaches to oaths shall induce heavy punishments. Article 10
This Act shall take effect as of the date of promulgation. 
