Article 1
Citizens of the Republic of China offering honorable services to the nation or society may be awarded an order.Orders may also be awarded to foreigners to promote diplomatic relationship. Article 2
Orders are classified into the following types:1. Order of Brilliant Jade with Grand Cordon.2. Order of Dr. Sun Yat-sen with Grand Cordon.3. Order of Chiang Chung-cheng with Grand Cordon.4. Order of Propitious Clouds.5. Order of Brilliant Star. Article 3
The President dons the Order of Brilliant Jade with Grand Cordon.The Order of Brilliant Jade with Grand Cordon may be awarded to heads of foreign states and may be presented by an authorized delegate. Article 4
Individuals offering the following honorable services may be awarded the Order of Dr. Sun Yat-sen with Grand Cordon by the President in person:1. Managing a master plan for the stability of the nation.2. Acting as the pillar of society in crushing rebellions or averting disasters.3. Other honorable services to the building of the nation. Article 5
Individuals offering the following honorable services may be awarded the Order of Chiang Chung-cheng with Grand Cordon by the President in person:1. Outstanding achievement in the implementing of the Three Principles of the People.2. Outstanding contribution in debunking communism and the building of the nation.3. Outstanding performance in the rehabilitation of Chinese culture.4. Outstanding services in implementing the democratic constitution. Article 6
Civil servants offering the following honorable services may be awarded the Order of Propitious Clouds or the Order of Brilliant Star:1. Facilitating and implementing the executive, legislative, judicial, examination or control systems of our nation.2. Nourishing the economy, education or culture of our nation.3. Consolidating diplomatic relationships through tactful negotiation and friendliness to distant neighbors.4. Promoting virtuous conducts, caring for people across the nation, and securing national frontiers.5. Skillful handling of affairs pertaining to overseas Chinese.6. Mitigating disasters, comforting the homeless, bringing benefit to the people.7. Keeping local order and eliminating hazards of life safety.8. Civil servants at the national or regional level who have served for more than 10 years.9. Outstanding achievements in assisting the governance. Article 7
Individuals other than civil servants offering the following honorable services may be awarded the Order of Propitious Clouds or the Order of Brilliant Star:1. Coming up with distinctive inventions or profound contributions that benefit the nation and her people.2. Establishing sizable charity organizations that cater to social well-being.3. Sustained efforts in establishing educational or cultural businesses, at home or abroad, that serves as role models.4. Frequent success in guarding the local territory and averting disasters that deserves to be remembered.5. Efficient management of business enterprise to assist the running of the government, benefiting the public.6. Demonstrating profound knowledge and publishing important written works, benefiting the culture or education.7. Dedication to citizen diplomacy. Article 8
Foreigners offering the following honorable services as may be awarded the Order of Propitious Clouds or the Order of Brilliant Star:1. Suppressing of violence or safeguarding justice to benefit our nation.2. Notable success in promoting and spreading of our culture.3. Assistance with the diplomacy between our government and other countries.4. Facilitating materials or moral support from foreign governments or people.5. Outstanding contribution in constructing the infrastructure of our nation.6. Establishing educational or charity organizations that benefit our society. Article 9
The previous three articles may also be applied to individuals who offer honorable services to our nation and society that are not mentioned in the previous three articles. Article 10
The Order of Brilliant Jade with Grand Cordon, Order of Dr. Sun Yat-sen with Grand Cordon and Order of Chiang Chung-cheng with Grand Cordon are awarded with a Grand Cordon. The Order of Propitious Clouds or the Order of Brilliant Star is awarded with Grand Cordon, Cravat, Rosette with Ribbon, or Rosette according to different degrees of services the recipient offered.Verbal description and graphic representation of the orders are shown in the attached table. Table.docAttachment.doc 
