Article 1
This Regulations is enacted accordance with pragraph 2 Article 12 of the Civil Servants Service Act. Article 2
The “Employees” stated in this ordinance, are those personnel being employed in accordance with the Personnel Employment Act and Personnel that are employed in accordance with　Contract Personnel Employment Regulations of the Executive Yuan and　its Subordinating Organization. Article 3
The special Leave for employees of the Executive Yuan and its Subordinating Organization (Hereinafter known as the Agencies) is regulated as follows:1 Five days per year are given for Personal Leave. When a member of the family suffers from Immunization, serious illness or other major incident that needs the employee to take care of the situation in person, seven days’ Family care Leave per year is given to the employee and the leave is also calculated as Personal Leaves in total.2 Fourteen Days Sick Leave per year is given to those suffering from illness and requiring medical attention or rest.　Female employees that are not able to work due to their menstrual periods, are given one day’s leave per month as Menstrual Leave, the leave is also calaulated as Sick Leave in total.　Those who take more than 14 days a year will have the extra days counted as their Personal Leave and the extra days deducted from their Personal Leave.　Those with serious illnesses that require long periods of medical care and treatment, can have their leaves extended after approval by their superiors; Its extension is calculated from the first day of the first sick leave extension application, it should not exceed 30 days within six months.　However, when the employment contract expires and the employee’s illness has not been cured, employment should be terminated immediately.3 Eight days’ Marital Leave is given to those are getting married.　Marital Leaves should be taken within a month from the date of marriage, except for those who are approved by their Superiors to postpone marital leave due to special circumstances.4 Six days’ Pre-Maternity Leave is given to an expectant employee before delivery; 30 days’ Maternity Leave is given after delivery; 42 days’ miscarriage Leave is given to those who have miscarriages after more than five months pregnancy; 21 days’ Miscarriage Leave is given to those who have miscarriages between three to five months of pregnancy; 14 days’ Miscarriage Leave is given to those who have miscarriages after three months of pregnancy. All Maternity or Miscarriage Leave must be taken at one time.5 In the case of a spouse giving birth, an employee can apply for a three-day Accompanying Maternity Leave.　But this should be taken within three days before or after the delivery of spouse.When Sundays or holidays are included, In this case, deferring leave is allowed.6 Because of the death of a parent or spouse, ten days of Funeral Leave are given to the employee; seven days of Funeral Leave for the death of a step father/mother, a Spouse’s father/mother, a son or a daughter, three days Funeral Leave is given to the employee for the death of a Great Grand father/mother, Grand father/mother, a Spouse’s Grand father/mother, a Spouse’s Step father/mother, a brother or a sister. Funeral Leave should only apply to natural blood relatives or the spouse’s blood relatives, except for in the cases of a step father/mother, a Spouse’s step father/mother funeral leave should be limited to whether the employed personnel who or whose spouse had been cared for by their step father/mother before their death. Funeral Leave can be applied for separately, but should not be less than half a day for each application, and must be taken within 100 days from the date of death.7 For those donating bone morrow or organs, the number of days Leave is determined by the requirement of the situation.Personal Leave stated in above Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, is calculated on a pro-rata basis for the employee who has less than a year of service, according to the proportionate number of months employed. After calculation, if less than half a day, half a day is recorded, if over half a day but less than a day, one day is recorded.An Application for Leave that exceeds the regulation stated in Paragraph 1, will require a deduction of salary based on the daily pay rate. When the number of days exceeds 1/12 of the employment period, the employment must be terminated immediately. Article 4
For those employees who have served consecutively for more than one year, 7 days Consolation Leave is given starting from the second year；for those who have served for more than three years, 14 days’ leave is given starting from the fourth year；for those who have served for more than six years, 21 days’ leave is given starting from the seventh year；for those who have served for more than nine years, 28 days’ leave is given starting from the tenth year；for those who have served for more than fourteen years, 30 days’ leave is given starting from the fifteenth year.Those who have first served starting from February, the Consolation Leave is given starting from January of the second year. The days of leave are calculated on a pro-rata basis according to the proportion of months employed. The calculation mathod is the same as stated in the stipulation in above Paragraph 2, Article 3. From the beginning of January of the third year, the Consolation Leave is given according to the stipulation in above Paragraph 1.Employees shall take all of their Consolation Leaves by the end of the year, otherwise the agencies will assume they give up the rest of Consolation Leaves of the year.The employees who are qualified for the Consolation Leave stated in the stipulation in Paragraph 1, could be subsidized for their consolation leaves to the maximum amount of 14 days. Article 5
Leave for Statutory Reasons，Sundays and Holidays， Absences， Years of Service computation and method of application for leave, should be based on the regulations on Civil Servants’ Applications for Leave. Article 6
The Leave given to the employees of those Designated Organizations, is specially regulated according to this ordinance, and applications must be submitted to the relevant Ministry，Committee， Board，Department，Bureau， Commission， Yuan or Provincial Government，or City Government，County (City) Government with Direct Jurisdiction for approval. Article 7
Each Organization must include the details as regulated by this Ordinance into each employee’s contract. Article 8
This Regulations take effect on the date of publication.The amended version promulgated on March 12, 2008 is implemented on January 1, 2008. 
