Article 1
These Regulations are formulated by the Control Yuan (hereinafter referred to as "the Yuan") in accordance with provisions in Article 3 of the Control Act to govern implementation of circuit supervision by members of the Yuan. Article 2
The purposes of circuit supervision are as follows: 1. Investigation of breach of law or dereliction of duty in the work and facilities of the Executive Yuan and its subordinate agencies. 2. Investigation of breach of law or dereliction of duty by central or local government officials. 3. Investigation related to the budget execution, financial audits and audit reports for the annual general final accounts of government agencies. Article 3
The duties of circuit supervision involve the following: 1. The administrative agenda and the execution of budgets of government agencies. 2. The implementation of government policies and decrees. 3. Dereliction of duty by government officials. 4. Administration of cases of corrective measures. 5. The livelihood of the people and social conditions. 6. The handling of people’s complaints and other related matters. Article 4
Circuit supervision of central government agencies by Yuan members shall be performed by the Yuan committees. Circuit supervision of local government agencies shall be conducted by teams according to administrative areas delimited by municipality or county (city) administrative divisions. Article 5
Yuan committees may nominate and appoint members for circuit supervision of central government agencies relevant to their operations as needed.Circuit supervision of the Executive Yuan shall be conducted jointly by the committees each December and organized by the Committee on Domestic and Minority Affairs.Circuit supervision of agencies abroad shall be conducted in conjunction with the overseas investigation plans of Yuan members. Article 6
The division and grouping of administrative areas for circuit supervision of local government agencies shall be determined by a plenary meeting of the Yuan.The members of the circuit supervision teams shall be alternated once per year and determined by the Yuan plenary meeting each December. A decision shall be made through coordination or by ballot when the number of members determined exceeds or falls short of the quota. Article 7
The circuit supervision members of each area shall perform one circuit supervision at least every four months with the municipality or county (city) as a unit. The circuit supervision may be performed jointly or separately as determined by the circuit supervision members among themselves. The period of each circuit supervision shall not be less than one day. Article 8
Central circuit supervision shall in principle mean the circuit supervision of central government agencies and their subordinate agencies. Members of the local circuit supervision team shall be notified when performing circuit supervision of the local agencies of a central government agency through the arrangement of the agency.Members of a circuit supervision administrative area shall notify the relevant committee when it is necessary to perform circuit supervision of a central government agency established in a municipality or county (city). Article 9
The circuit supervision affairs of each committee shall be performed by each committee. The circuit supervision team for each administrative area shall have one or more secretaries assigned concurrently from among staff members of the Yuan to be in charge of the work for the affairs of each circuit supervision team. Article 10
Central government agencies and municipal and county (city) governments should designate one official in charge as the contact person to assist the Yuan committees or circuit supervision members of each administrative area in handling matters related to circuit supervision. Article 11
Committees or circuit supervision teams for the administrative areas shall ask the relevant authorities to provide their administration plans, budgets, policy results, civil servant discipline, and other relevant information as a reference prior to performing circuit supervision. Article 12
Circuit supervision members shall arrange time to receive people’s complaints during the period of circuit supervision in an administrative area and request the circuit supervision agency to make a prior announcement.Circuit supervision members shall handle written complaints received from the public in an administrative area according to the following methods after first determining whether a precedent case exists and is related to the administrative area:1. Cases without precedent and which are related to the administrative area may be submitted to the Department of Supervisory Operations for handling following approval by the circuit supervision member.2. Cases with precedent and which are unrelated to the administrative area and therefore unsuitable for approval shall be turned over to Department of Supervisory Operations for handling.The term "related to the administrative area" as referred to in the previous paragraph means that the facts of the complaint or the defendant (agency) are related to the administrative area.Circuit supervision members may perform an on-site interrogation related to written complaints received from the public if deemed necessary. Article 13
The secretaries for each committee and circuit supervision administrative area shall complete a circuit supervision report at the end of each circuit supervision. Additionally, an annual circuit supervision work report shall be presented before the end of each year. The reports shall be compiled and arranged by the organizing unit and presented at the annual work review meeting of the Yuan.The circuit supervision reports of each circuit supervision administrative area shall be distributed to all members as a reference. Article 14
These Regulations shall take effect on the date of promulgation. 
