Article 1
These regulations are promulgated pursuant to Article 84 (5) of the Law of the Court Organization. Article 2
Court shall set up a section in the courtroom for audience and may place seat numbers on all seats.Court audience shall be permitted unless otherwise prohibited. Article 3
To maintain good order in the courtroom, the court may, if it deems necessary, issue passes to the audience based on the number of seats available.Once the court decides to issue passes to audience, no person shall be allowed to enter the courtroom without a pass.Passes shall be issued in the order that requests are received.However, if there are seats available, passes shall be issued immediately upon request.Prior to issuing passes, audience shall provide citizen's identification card or other identification documents and write down their names and addresses for validation purposes.All documents shall be returned to the audience as they return their passes.As the court issues the passes, it may require that the audience be at the courtroom ten minutes before the court is in session, to be seated in the order of entry. Article 4
The court may set up an audience section for news reporters' exclusive use. Article 5
The audience, while entering into, walking out of, or staying in the courtroom, shall follow instructions from the presiding judge trying the case and instructions from other officers in charge of the courtroom's affairs for the purpose of maintaining order of the courtroom. Article 6
Courtroom audience shall be denied, whether with or without a pass, for the following reasons:1. Drunk, taking intoxicating drugs or having abnormal mental conditions.2. Bearing a gun, bullet, knife, or other items of dangerous nature or items not proper to bear at the courtroom.3. Bringing photo and video recording equipments into the courtroom, or bringing audio recording equipments into the courtroom without the permission of the presiding judge.4. Taking children under the age of ten to the courtroom.5. Dressing improperly.6. Refusing security check.7. Performing other acts that might disturb the order of the courtroom or affect the solemnity thereof. Article 7
Audience shall remain silent in the courtroom and shall not commit the following:1. Talking loudly, clapping hands, making noises.2. Taking pictures, video and audio recording in the courtroom. However, audio recording is allowed if so permitted by the presiding judge trying the case.3. Smoking, eating or drinking.4. Making comments on or laughing at officers in charge of courtroom affairs or case-related persons.5. Performing other acts that might affect the order of the courtroom or deemed improper. Article 8
Everyone in the courtroom shall rise when the presiding judge trying the case approaches the bench and at the time of announcing judgment. Article 9
If an audience's act shall affect the order of the courtroom or is deemed improper, the presiding judge trying the case may prohibit the audience from entering the courtroom or order him to leave and if necessary, put him in custody until the court is adjourned.This can be done pursuant to Article 91 of the Law of the Court Organization.In the case of violating the judge's ruling for maintaining order of the court so as to affect proper performance in court, the presiding judge trying the case may prohibit it preceded by prior warning. Article 10
In the case that an audience or any person violates the provisions of these regulations before the court is in session, the officer in charge of courtroom affairs shall resolve it.If there is any uncertainty, the same shall be reported to the presiding judge trying the case for instructions. Article 11
All provisions that apply to the presiding judge trying the case shall also apply to the commissioned judge and the requested judge in performance of court duty. Article 12
These regulations shall become effective upon promulgation. 
