I love Taiwan! 
My first laptop, iPod, and bicycle were Made In Taiwan. 

For 2 years I have been working for a computer company in Kaohsiung. 
I came to visit exchange student friends in Taipei in 2009 and they were so welcoming! 
I like taking photos of the beautiful mountains, ocean, and delicious organic food. 
The music festivals are fun and the 滅火器 Fire EX. fan club Team Fire are so warm. 
I want to learn to speak Taiwanese and live with a local family in the future. 
People here like volunteering for NGOs and I go to a hospital with a Christian group to play games with kids. 

Everywhere in the world I am a foreigner. 
My parents are from England, they live in France, and I was born in Switzerland. 
I went to an international school. My classmates have parents in the United Nations who change the world. 
I want the UN to respect Taiwan equally. 
English is my first language but I experienced culture shock at university in England. 
Many British people don’t like immigrants but Taiwan welcomes foreigners! 
I use the passport sticker to say that I love this country. 

Both political parties in Taiwan generously gave me visas to work here. 
The government in China made it hard to get a visa to visit my nice friends there. 
In China I cannot go to church, use Facebook, or speak freely. Their censorship makes people lead a secret double life and cheat in relationships, which is bad. 
It is good that some smart people in Taiwan have a plan to make China a free democracy. 
I hope they can peacefully help China to change but keep freedom in Taiwan. 

There are many political systems to choose from. In Europe there are many small countries who work together. 
In America one powerful leader controls one big country. 
New Zealand and Canada have the same Queen as England but she has less power so she is not corrupt. 

If Taiwan chooses to be independent, it can still be united with other countries. 
Taiwanese people can make their own choice. 
I hope that Taiwan can build a good reputation and care about good causes, not only money. 

My parents gave me an English name but I chose my Mandarin name. 
I think Taiwanese people should be able to choose their country's name. 