1 Choose a good reputation over great riches; being held in high esteem is better than silver or gold.2 The rich and poor have this in common: The Lord  made them both.3 A prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions. The simpleton goes blindly on and suffers the consequences.4 True humility and fear of the Lord  lead to riches, honor, and long life.5 Corrupt people walk a thorny, treacherous road; whoever values life will avoid it.6 Direct your children onto the right path, and when they are older, they will not leave it.7 Just as the rich rule the poor, so the borrower is servant to the lender.8 Those who plant injustice will harvest disaster, and their reign of terror will come to an end.[a]9 Blessed are those who are generous, because they feed the poor.10 Throw out the mocker, and fighting goes, too. Quarrels and insults will disappear.11 Whoever loves a pure heart and gracious speech will have the king as a friend.12 The Lord  preserves those with knowledge, but he ruins the plans of the treacherous.13 The lazy person claims, "There's a lion out there! If I go outside, I might be killed!"14 The mouth of an immoral woman is a dangerous trap; those who make the Lord  angry will fall into it.15 A youngster's heart is filled with foolishness, but physical discipline will drive it far away.16 A person who gets ahead by oppressing the poor or by showering gifts on the rich will end in poverty. [Sayings of the Wise] 17 Listen to the words of the wise; apply your heart to my instruction.18 For it is good to keep these sayings in your heart and always ready on your lips.19 I am teaching you today-yes, you- so you will trust in the Lord .20 I have written thirty sayings[b] for you, filled with advice and knowledge.21 In this way, you may know the truth and take an accurate report to those who sent you.22 Don't rob the poor just because you can, or exploit the needy in court.23 For the Lord  is their defender. He will ruin anyone who ruins them.24 Don't befriend angry people or associate with hot-tempered people,25 or you will learn to be like them and endanger your soul.26 Don't agree to guarantee another person's debt or put up security for someone else.27 If you can't pay it, even your bed will be snatched from under you.28 Don't cheat your neighbor by moving the ancient boundary markers set up by previous generations.29 Do you see any truly competent workers? They will serve kings rather than working for ordinary people.       Footnotes:a.   22:8 The Greek version includes an additional proverb: God blesses a man who gives cheerfully, / but his worthless deeds will come to an end. Compare 2 Cor 9:7. b.   22:20 Or excellent sayings; the meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  