1 We can make our own plans, but the Lord  gives the right answer.2 People may be pure in their own eyes, but the Lord  examines their motives.3 Commit your actions to the Lord , and your plans will succeed.4 The Lord  has made everything for his own purposes, even the wicked for a day of disaster.5 The Lord  detests the proud; they will surely be punished.6 Unfailing love and faithfulness make atonement for sin. By fearing the Lord , people avoid evil.7 When people's lives please the Lord , even their enemies are at peace with them.8 Better to have little, with godliness, than to be rich and dishonest.9 We can make our plans, but the Lord  determines our steps.10 The king speaks with divine wisdom; he must never judge unfairly.11 The Lord  demands accurate scales and balances; he sets the standards for fairness.12 A king detests wrongdoing, for his rule is built on justice.13 The king is pleased with words from righteous lips; he loves those who speak honestly.14 The anger of the king is a deadly threat; the wise will try to appease it.15 When the king smiles, there is life; his favor refreshes like a spring rain.16 How much better to get wisdom than gold, and good judgment than silver!17 The path of the virtuous leads away from evil; whoever follows that path is safe.18 Pride goes before destruction, and haughtiness before a fall.19 Better to live humbly with the poor than to share plunder with the proud.20 Those who listen to instruction will prosper; those who trust the Lord  will be joyful.21 The wise are known for their understanding, and pleasant words are persuasive.22 Discretion is a life-giving fountain to those who possess it, but discipline is wasted on fools.23 From a wise mind comes wise speech; the words of the wise are persuasive.24 Kind words are like honey- sweet to the soul and healthy for the body.25 There is a path before each person that seems right, but it ends in death.26 It is good for workers to have an appetite; an empty stomach drives them on.27 Scoundrels create trouble; their words are a destructive blaze.28 A troublemaker plants seeds of strife; gossip separates the best of friends.29 Violent people mislead their companions, leading them down a harmful path.30 With narrowed eyes, people plot evil; with a smirk, they plan their mischief.31 Gray hair is a crown of glory; it is gained by living a godly life.32 Better to be patient than powerful; better to have self-control than to conquer a city.33 We may throw the dice,[a]but the Lord  determines how they fall.       Footnotes:a.   16:33 Hebrew We may cast lots.  
