[Joshua's Final Words to Israel] 1 The years passed, and the Lord  had given the people of Israel rest from all their enemies. Joshua, who was now very old, 2 called together all the elders, leaders, judges, and officers of Israel. He said to them, "I am now a very old man. 3 You have seen everything the Lord  your God has done for you during my lifetime. The Lord  your God has fought for you against your enemies. 4 I have allotted to you as your homeland all the land of the nations yet unconquered, as well as the land of those we have already conquered-from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea* in the west. 5 This land will be yours, for the Lord  your God will himself drive out all the people living there now. You will take possession of their land, just as the Lord  your God promised you.6 "So be very careful to follow everything Moses wrote in the Book of Instruction. Do not deviate from it, turning either to the right or to the left. 7 Make sure you do not associate with the other people still remaining in the land. Do not even mention the names of their gods, much less swear by them or serve them or worship them. 8 Rather, cling tightly to the Lord  your God as you have done until now.9 "For the Lord  has driven out great and powerful nations for you, and no one has yet been able to defeat you. 10 Each one of you will put to flight a thousand of the enemy, for the Lord  your God fights for you, just as he has promised. 11 So be very careful to love the Lord  your God.12 "But if you turn away from him and cling to the customs of the survivors of these nations remaining among you, and if you intermarry with them, 13 then know for certain that the Lord  your God will no longer drive them out of your land. Instead, they will be a snare and a trap to you, a whip for your backs and thorny brambles in your eyes, and you will vanish from this good land the Lord  your God has given you.14 "Soon I will die, going the way of everything on earth. Deep in your hearts you know that every promise of the Lord  your God has come true. Not a single one has failed! 15 But as surely as the Lord  your God has given you the good things he promised, he will also bring disaster on you if you disobey him. He will completely destroy you from this good land he has given you. 16 If you break the covenant of the Lord  your God by worshiping and serving other gods, his anger will burn against you, and you will quickly vanish from the good land he has given you."       Footnotes: 23:4 Hebrew the Great Sea.  
