[God's Anger at Sin] 1 The Lord in his anger has cast a dark shadow over beautiful Jerusalem.[a]The fairest of Israel's cities lies in the dust, thrown down from the heights of heaven. In his day of great anger, the Lord has shown no mercy even to his Temple.[b]2 Without mercy the Lord has destroyed every home in Israel.[c]In his anger he has broken down the fortress walls of beautiful Jerusalem.[d]He has brought them to the ground, dishonoring the kingdom and its rulers.3 All the strength of Israel vanishes beneath his fierce anger. The Lord has withdrawn his protection as the enemy attacks. He consumes the whole land of Israel like a raging fire.4 He bends his bow against his people, as though he were their enemy. His strength is used against them to kill their finest youth. His fury is poured out like fire on beautiful Jerusalem.[e]5 Yes, the Lord has vanquished Israel like an enemy. He has destroyed her palaces and demolished her fortresses. He has brought unending sorrow and tears upon beautiful Jerusalem.6 He has broken down his Temple as though it were merely a garden shelter. The Lord  has blotted out all memory of the holy festivals and Sabbath days. Kings and priests fall together before his fierce anger.7 The Lord has rejected his own altar; he despises his own sanctuary. He has given Jerusalem's palaces to her enemies. They shout in the Lord 's Temple as though it were a day of celebration.8 The Lord  was determined to destroy the walls of beautiful Jerusalem. He made careful plans for their destruction, then did what he had planned. Therefore, the ramparts and walls have fallen down before him.9 Jerusalem's gates have sunk into the ground. He has smashed their locks and bars. Her kings and princes have been exiled to distant lands; her law has ceased to exist. Her prophets receive no more visions from the Lord .10 The leaders of beautiful Jerusalem sit on the ground in silence. They are clothed in burlap and throw dust on their heads. The young women of Jerusalem hang their heads in shame.11 I have cried until the tears no longer come; my heart is broken. My spirit is poured out in agony as I see the desperate plight of my people. Little children and tiny babies are fainting and dying in the streets.12 They cry out to their mothers, "We need food and drink!" Their lives ebb away in the streets like the life of a warrior wounded in battle. They gasp for life as they collapse in their mothers' arms.13 What can I say about you? Who has ever seen such sorrow? O daughter of Jerusalem, to what can I compare your anguish? O virgin daughter of Zion, how can I comfort you? For your wound is as deep as the sea. Who can heal you?14 Your prophets have said so many foolish things, false to the core. They did not save you from exile by pointing out your sins. Instead, they painted false pictures, filling you with false hope.15 All who pass by jeer at you. They scoff and insult beautiful Jerusalem,[f] saying, "Is this the city called "Most Beautiful in All the World' and "Joy of All the Earth'?"16 All your enemies mock you. They scoff and snarl and say, "We have destroyed her at last! We have long waited for this day, and it is finally here!"17 But it is the Lord  who did just as he planned. He has fulfilled the promises of disaster he made long ago. He has destroyed Jerusalem without mercy. He has caused her enemies to gloat over her and has given them power over her.18 Cry aloud[g] before the Lord, O walls of beautiful Jerusalem! Let your tears flow like a river day and night. Give yourselves no rest; give your eyes no relief.19 Rise during the night and cry out. Pour out your hearts like water to the Lord. Lift up your hands to him in prayer, pleading for your children, for in every street they are faint with hunger.20 "O Lord , think about this! Should you treat your own people this way? Should mothers eat their own children, those they once bounced on their knees? Should priests and prophets be killed within the Lord's Temple?21 "See them lying in the streets- young and old, boys and girls, killed by the swords of the enemy. You have killed them in your anger, slaughtering them without mercy.22 "You have invited terrors from all around, as though you were calling them to a day of feasting. In the day of the Lord 's anger, no one has escaped or survived. The enemy has killed all the children whom I carried and raised."       Footnotes:a.   2:1a Hebrew the daughter of Zion; also in 2:8, 10, 18.  b.   2:1b Hebrew his footstool. c.   2:2a Hebrew Jacob; also in 2:3b. See note on 1:17.  d.   2:2b Hebrew the daughter of Judah; also in 2:5.  e.   2:4 Hebrew on the tent of the daughter of Zion. f.   2:15 Hebrew the daughter of Jerusalem.  g.   2:18 Hebrew Their heart cried.  
