Article 1
This Guideline is set up in accordance with the stipulation of Paragraph 2 to Article 59 of the Employment Service Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Employed foreigners who fit for any condition specified in all items of Paragraph 1 to Article 59 of the Act may apply for changing employers or jobs by the foreigner or original employer with the following documents provided to the Central Competent Authority:1. Application Form.2. Evidence document of any of the following reasons:(1) Original employer's or the person under care's Death Certificate or emigration evidence document.(2) Evidence document of fish boats unable to continue operation because of being detained, sunk or under renovation.(3) Evidence document of employment contract termination due to original employer's plant closure, shut down or not paying work compensation according to employment contract.(4) Evidence document of other reasons whose responsibility cannot be ascribed to employed foreigners.3. Transferring employer or work certificate for foreign worker.Foreigners who apply to transfer to another employer or job according to the stipulations referred to in the preceding paragraph but have not provided all the required documents must be cleared after verification by competent authorities. Article 3
Employers or foreigners who apply to change Type 2 employers or jobs may do so online. Central competent authorities shall inform them of the types of work visas that may be needed.Employers and foreigners applying to change Type 2 employers or jobs for shall submit all documents required by law, with the exception of documents already issued by the central competent authorities, free trade zone administrative authorities, public employment service institutions, and special municipalities/ provincial cities/ state-owned companies as stated in the preceding article, which can be found on the national data network. Article 4
In cases where central competent authorities have rescinded the original employer's employment permits or declined to issue permits, central competent authorities shall order foreign workers who fit the conditions specified in Paragraph 1 of Article 59to transfer employers or jobs within a designated period of time.The original employers shall, within the designated period of time, provide photocopies of documents specified in Items 1 and 3 of Paragraph 1 in Article 2, a termination of employment permit, or a letter declining the issuance of an employment permit, then go to the Public Employment Service Agency to register the transfer. Foreigners resettled under this law or by the Human Trafficking Prevention Act are not subject to this rule. Article 5
Application cases as referred to in Paragraph 1 to Article 2, after the Central Competent Authority has examined them, the Authority will notify the clients concerned of original employment contract.The clients concerned of original employment contract may post necessary information to the information system designated by the Central Competent Authority, and let Public Employment Service Agency process foreigners transfer procedure. Article 6
Employers who apply for consecutively employing foreigners shall provide the following documents:1. Application Form.2. Copy of applicant's National Identification Card or the identification documents of the responsible corporate representative, Corporation Registration evidence document, Commercial Registration evidence document, Factory Registration Certificate and Franchised Business Permit Certificate. Those exempt from providing the Franchised Business Permit Certificate are not restricted.3. Official copies are required of the name list of insured workers over a one-year period ending two months before the application is made, with the exception of foreigners specified in Articles 8.1 and 8.2 under Reviewing Standards and Employment Qualifications for Foreigners Engaging in the Jobs Specified in Items 8 to 11, Paragraph 1 to Article 46 of the Employment Service Act (hereinafter referred to as the Reviewing Standards), housemaids, institutional care givers, and home-based care givers.4. Original copy of evidence document concerning qualifications of consecutively employing foreigners consistent with the stipulation as referred to in Article 7.5. Original copy of recruitment evidence. But applicants of consecutively employing family nursing workers are exempted.6. Contents description of foreigners' scheduled job.7. Evidence documents issued by Special Municipality or County (City) Governments according to the stipulation as referred to in Item 5, Paragraph 1 to Article 16 of The Permit and Management Regulation of Employers Hiring Foreigners.Employers holding Recruitment Permit Letters to apply for consecutively employing foreigners are exempted from the documents as referred to in items 2, 3, 5 and 7 of the Previous Paragraph. Article 7
Concerning employers' applications for consecutively employing foreigners, the Public Employment Service Agency shall manage its operations according to the following order of priority:1. Those who may introduce foreigners but have not introduced a sufficient number during the valid period of the Recruitment Permit Letter.2. Consistent with the qualification to employ foreigners stipulated by the Central Competent Authority, and the number of foreigners hired has not reached the upper limit in terms of proportion or number as referred to in the Reviewing Standards.3. Business units of the manufacturing or construction industries which do not employ foreigners or whose number of foreigners hired has not reached the upper limit in terms of proportion or number as stipulated by the Central Competent Authority, and processing domestic recruitment as referred to in Article 47 of the Act and whose demand cannot be satisfied after recruitment.After examining the application registration for consecutive employment as referred to in the preceding Paragraph and finding it consistent with stipulations, Public Employment Service Agency shall post necessary information to the information system designated by the Central Competent Authority.The application registration for consecutive employment as referred to in Paragraph 1 is valid within sixty days starting from the date of registration. After the valid period has expired and consecutive employment is still necessary, registration shall be re-managed.Employers applying for consecutive employment for Major Investment in the manufacturing industry are limited to Item 1 in Paragraph 1. Article 8
Foreigners processing transfer of registration are restricted to the same type of job in their original industry. But any of the following cases is not restricted by this:1. Applying for consecutive employment by employers with qualifications referred to in Items 1 or 2, Paragraph 1 to Article 6.2. Foreigners who are victims of sexual assault, sexual harassment or violence, or are deemed victims of human trafficking.3. Approved by the Central Competent Authority.Nursing and housemaid jobs are regarded as the same type of job. Article 9
Public Employment Service Agency shall follow the priority stipulation as referred to in Paragraph 1 to Article 7, foreigners' expected employment location, type of job, remaining employment period, and other conditions designated by the Central Competent Authority to manage operation of transferring. As priority stipulation cannot be discerned, it shall be determined randomly by the information system designated by the Central Competent Authority.Public Employment Service Agency managing operation of transferring shall follow the stipulation of preceding Paragraph to select at least ten applicants of consecutively employment, and their number of consecutively employing foreigners shall reach one and half times of transferring foreigners. But when the number to be consecutively employed does not reach the above number or proportion, these restrictions do not apply. Article 10
Public Employment Service Agency shall adopt method of public conciliation meeting every week to manage operation of consecutively employing foreigners.The conciliation meeting of the preceding paragraph shall notify original employer, applicant of consecutively employment and foreigners to participate.If original employer or applicant of consecutively employment were absent, they may provide power of attorney to authorize representative to present. If applicant of consecutively employment or whose representatives were absent from the meeting, they would be regarded as abandoning consecutively employment registration this time.Foreigners shall carry passport, Alien Residence Certificate or other related evidence documents to participate the conciliation meeting as referred to in Paragraph 1. But foreigners whose passport and Alien Residence Certificate are detained illegally are not restricted.Foreigners who are absent without due reasons will be regarded as abandoning transferring employers or jobs.In the conciliation meeting as referred to in Paragraph 1, applicants of consecutively employment shall describe the contents of scheduled job for foreigners, and determine with the consent of foreigners. If foreigners' number exceeded the number that employers intend to employ consecutively, Public Employment Service Agency shall conciliate. Article 11
The Public Employment Service Agency shall, within sixty days of the issuance of a Rescinding Employment Permit or a refusal to issue an employment permit by central competent authorities, conduct the transfer process laid out in the two previous articles. But for those foreigners possessing special situation that have been approved by the Central Competent Authority, operation of foreigners' transferring may be extended to sixty days and for once only.Foreigners who are physically assaulted by employers or other employees, commissioned administrator, persons under care of or relatives of persons under care of, and the Central Competent Authority permits revocation, its application to transfer operation is not subject to restriction on the times in the preceding paragraph.In the case of foreigners who fail to attend negotiation meetings as stipulated in the preceding article without due reason after their employment permits are annulled or rejected by central competent authorities and they are notified of approval of a change in employer or job, or foreigners who fail to find a new employer or job within the designated period of transition time as stipulated in the two previous articles, the Public Employment Service Agency shall notify their original employers to facilitate procedures so they can leave the country within fourteen days starting from the day after the negotiation meeting, with the exception of foreigners with appropriate reasons approved by central competent authorities.In cases where the original employers’ whereabouts are unknown, Municipality or County/City-level competent authorities shall ask Police or Immigration Competent Authorities with jurisdiction to carry out the departure process.Foreigners subject to the conditions specified in item 1 may apply for a 14-day extension of the processing deadline ahead of the original due date. Article 12
After completion of foreigners transferring operation, Public Employment Service Agency shall issue a Consecutive Employment Certificate to the employer of consecutive employment and the original employer. Article 13
Within fifteen days starting from the second date of obtaining the Consecutive Employment Certificate, employers of consecutive employment shall prepare the following documents to the Central Competent Authority to apply for issuing Employment Permit or extending Employment Permit:1. Application Form.2. Copy of applicant's National Identification Card or the responsible corporate representative's identification documents, evidence document of corporate registration or commercial registration, Factory Registration Certificate, and Franchised Business Permit Certificate. Those exempt from Franchised Business Permit Certificate are not restricted.3. Certification documents related to Article 20 and issued by local competent authorities when accepting a report.4. Other documents as stipulated in Attachment 1.In cases where a foreigner is being hired by a social group, copies of the employer’s National Identification Card and the Accreditation Certificate of the organization are required in addition to the documents specified in Items 1, 3, and 4 of the preceding Paragraph. Attachment 1.odt 
