Article 1
The Rules are prescribed in accordance with Article 43 of the Vocational Training Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The implementation of vocational training in association with employment services as set forth in Article 4 of the Act shall be conducted according to the following regulations:1.Vocational training institutions shall plan and conduct vocational training in accordance with labor market demands.2.Vocational training institutions shall provide lists of trainees who have completed their training but remained unemployed for job placement through public employment agencies.3.Vocational training institutions shall accept the delegation of public employment agencies to conduct vocational training.4.Vocational training institutions may accept the delegation of other organizations to conduct vocational training. Article 2-1
To fulfill the functions set forth in Article 4-1 of the Act, the central competent authority shall establish the timeframes and approaches of the provision of various services.The central competent authorities of various industries shall conduct their corresponding duties according to the preceding paragraph. Article 3
Vocational training institutions intending to conduct rudimentary training for occupations for which the government has not yet established training programs are required to draw up the training plans and submit them to the central competent authority for reference.The training plans as described in the preceding paragraph shall include the following information:1.Target occupation and class title2.Training objectives3.Trainee qualifications4.Duration of program5.Training curriculum6.Time allotment and schedule7.Training venue8.Training equipment9.Training methods10.Budget overview Article 4
Rudimentary training certificate shall carry the following information:1. Name, National ID No., and date of birth of the trainees2. Class attended3. Dates of beginning and end of training4. Courses taken and total hours of each course5. Title of training unit6. Certificate numberIn addition to the items listed in the preceding paragraph, the training certificate from training units delegated to conduct rudimentary training in accordance with Paragraph 3, Article 3 of the Act shall also carry the title of the delegating agency. Article 5
The instruction and counseling work in apprentice training organization by business entities shall be conducted by skillful technicians with either of the two following qualifications:1.Having acquired a Class B or higher technician certificate for occupations for which skills certification is available.2.Having at least five years of experience in related fields for occupations for which skills certification is not yet available. Article 6
To operate apprentice training, business entities shall draw up training plans in accordance with Article 12 of the Act. The program shall be conducted according to Paragraph 2, Article 3 and the training plan shall include the following information:1. Title of business entity2. Names and qualifications of trainers and counseling personnel3. Collaborating training units Article 7
The information to be included on a training certificate shall be the same as specified in Article 4. Article 8
（Deleted） Article 9
（Deleted） Article 10
The term “year” referred to in the Act may be calendar year or fiscal year that each vocational training institution sees fit to apply. Article 11
Vocational training institutions are required to issue receipts when receiving donations in the form of cash, securities or other personal property from individuals, organizations or business entities, and register the ownership transfer in the company of the donor when receiving donations in the form of real property. Both types of donations shall be recorded. Article 12
The Rules shall become effective on the date of promulgation. 
