Article 1
These Standards are drawn upon in accordance with Article 81 of the Employment Services Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The employer when applying for permissions relating to foreign person employment shall pay review fees in accordance with the following standards:1.Five hundred New Taiwan dollars for each employment permission or extension of employment permission of work prescribed in Subparagraph 1 to Subparagraph 6 of Paragraph 1 of Article 46 and work permission prescribed in Paragraph 3 of Article 51 of the Act.2.Two hundred New Taiwan dollars for each recruitment permission or transfer of employer (or job) permission of work prescribed in Subparagraph 8 to Subparagraph 11 of Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act.3.One hundred New Taiwan dollars for each entry visa permission, employment permission, extension of employment permission, replacement permission, extended recruiting period of recruitment permission, change of work place, change of care recipient, or change / increase of care recipient(s) of work prescribed in Subparagraph 8 to Subparagraph 11of Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act.4.One hundred New Taiwan dollars for each employment permission application of foreign person prescribed in Paragraph 1 of Article 50 of the Act.5.One hundred New Taiwan dollars for each employment permission or extension of employment permission of work prescribed in Subparagraph 1 to Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 51 of the Act.The person when applying for reissuing any one of above mentioned permissions shall pay one hundred New Taiwan dollars for eachapplication as the review fee. Article 3
The private employment services institution or the person with employment services specialty when applying for permission or issuance of license shall pay review fee or license fee in accordance with the following standards:1. Five hundred New Taiwan dollars for each establishment permission application of a private employment services institution or its branch.2. Two hundred New Taiwan dollars for each alteration permission application of a private employment services institution or its branch.3. Two thousand New Taiwan dollars for each issuance of license application of a private employment services institution or its branch.4. One thousand New Taiwan dollars for each case of changing or supplementing license prescribed in previous Subparagraph.5. Four hundred New Taiwan dollars for each case of issuing, changing or supplementing certificate of person with employment services specialty.6. Two thousand New Taiwan dollars for each approval application of foreign employment company. Article 4
A foreign person shall pay review fee of one hundred New Taiwan dollars for each work permit application. Article 5
An applicant shall pay in accordance with these Standards review fee or license fee to the competent authorities or the institution entrusted by the competent authorities.The competent authorities shall publicly announce the institution(s) prescribed in previous Paragraph. Article 6
These Standards shall be put into practice on the date of promulgation. 
