Part One : General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This rule is enacted according to Paragraph 2, Article 26 of the "Labor Inspection Act" (hereafter referred to as "the Act").Article 2　 This rule is applicable to the following categories of work places:1. Category A: refers to the following work places:(1) where basic petrochemical raw materials are produced through cracking reactions;(2) where hazardous materials above the quantities specified in Attachments 1 and 2 of the Enforcement Rules of the Act are manufactured, processed or used.2. Category B: refers to the following work places or factories:(1) where agriculture chemicals are synthesized using methyl isocyanate, hydrogen chloride, ammonia, formaldehyde, hydrogen peroxide or pyridine;(2) where chlorate, perchlorate, nitrate, sulfur, sulfide, phosphide, charcoal powder, metal powder and other materials are used to manufacture fireworks and firecrackers;(3) where explosives are manufactured from chemical materials.3. Category C: refers to work places with steam boilers with heat transfer surface area over 500 m2, or pressurized vessels containing pressurized gases with daily refrigeration capacity over 150 MT, or with the following processing capacities:(1) oxygen, toxic or inflammable pressurized gases over 1,000 m3;(2) all other pressurized gases over 5,000 m3.4. Category D: refers to the following construction projects:(1) construction of building above 50 m;(2) construction of bridges with centers of piers above 50 m apart;(3) construction using pressure construction method;(4) horizontal tunnel construction above 1,000 m in length or vertical tunnel construction above 15 m in depth;(5) construction involving excavation of depth above 15 m, or more than 4 basement floors and excavation area above 500 m2;(6) construction involving scaffolding with height above 7 m, and area above 100 m2 with scaffolding supporting above 60% of the area.5. Other work places specified and promulgated by the central competent authority.Article 3　 Definition of terms in this Rule is as follows:1. Process Changes: refers to changes in process chemicals, technology, equipment, operating procedures, or scale of capacity, or changes affecting the process facilities such as process safety information, standard operating procedures or updated codes in hazardous work places.2. Liquefied Petroleum Gas: refers to hydrocarbon mixtures consisting primarily of tri-carbon and tetra-carbon hydrocarbon compounds.3. Pressurized Gases for Refrigeration : refers to pressurized gases used in freezing, cooling, refrigerating, ice making and other chilling processes.4. General Pressurized Gases : refers to pressurized gases other than liquefied petroleum gas and gases for refrigeration.5. Gas Refilling Stations : refers to the fixed processing facilities for filling liquefied petroleum gas or compressed natural gas on "containers within vehicles which specifically use a particular gas as fuel".6. Review: refers to review of work place related documentation submitted to labor inspection agency.7. Inspection: refers to on-site inspection of work place related documentation and facilities by labor inspection agency.Article 4　 30 days before workers are required to work in categories A and D work places, enterprises shall apply for review by labor inspection agency.45 days before workers are required to work in categories B and C work places, enterprises shall apply for review and inspection by labor inspection agency.Part Two : Category "A" Work Place ReviewArticle 5　 To apply for the review of Category A Work Place by labor inspection agency, enterprises should complete the application form (Form 1) and attach three copies of the following documents:1. Basic information on safety and health management (Attachment 1)2. Process safety evaluation report (Attachment 2)3. Process change safety plan (Attachment 3)4. Emergency response plan (Attachment 4)5. Audit management program (Attachment 5)Attachment 1Basic information on safety and health management.docAttachment 2Process safety evaluation report.docAttachment 3Process change safety plan.docAttachment 4Emergency response plan.docAttachment 5Audit management program.doc
