Chapter 1 General RegulationsArticle 1　 The Rules are prescribed according to Article 32-2 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (Hereinafter referred to as the Act).Article 2　 The safety and health education and trainings set forth in the Rules are categorized as follows:1. Safety and health education and trainings specified for supervisors in charge of occupational safety and health.2. Safety and health education and trainings specified for the management personnel in charge of occupational safety and health.3. Safety and health education and trainings specified for the workplace monitoring personnel.4. Safety and health education and trainings specified for the construction safety assessor and process safety assessor.5. Safety and health education and trainings specified for supervisors in charge of high-pressure gas operations, construction works and harmful operations.6. Safety and health education and trainings specified for operators of dangerous machinery and equipment.7. Safety and health education and trainings specified for specified operation personnel.8. Safety and health education and trainings specified for occupational health service nurse.9. Safety and health education and trainings specified for first aid personnel.10. General safety and health education and trainings11. On-job safety and health education and trainings for the 10 preceding subparagraphs.12. Safety and health education and trainings specified for other personnel designated by the competent authority of central government.Chapter 2 Matters Required for Education and TrainingsArticle 3　 The employer shall require workers, before serving as category A, B and C supervisors of occupational safety and health affairs, to receive occupational safety and health education and trainings specified for the said field. The same conditions apply to the owners of business operations or their representatives who serve as category C supervisor of occupational safety and health affairs.Courses and hours of the aforesaid education and trainings are subject to regulations provided in Annex 1.Personnel stated in Paragraph 1 of this Article with the following qualifications are exempted from safety and health education and trainings stated in Paragraph 1 of this Article:1. Those who are qualified as occupational safety management specialist, occupational health management specialist, and occupational safety and health management staff.2. Those who are accredited with trainings and have completion certifications in the fields of occupational safety management specialist, occupational health management specialist, and occupational safety and health management staff.3. Those who have completed the trainings in the fields of occupational safety management specialist, occupational health management specialist, and occupational safety and health management staff, have passed the examinations as prescribed in Paragraph 3 of Article 24, and have completion certificates for the occupational safety and health supervisor education and training.Annex 1 Courses and hours of safety and health education & trainings specified for supervisors in charge of labor safety and health..doc
