Article 1
These Rules are drawn up in accordance with Paragraph 2 to Article 56 of the Labor Standards Law (hereinafter referred to as the Law). Article 2
The Supervisory Committee of the Workers’ Retirement Fund (hereinafter referred to as the Committee) is composed of nineteen members. Among them, oneis chairperson and shall be served on a part-time basis by the Deputy Chairperson of the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan. Other members shall be appointed (or assigned) on a part-time basis by the Council of Labor Affairs from the following persons and the duration of their term is one year:(1) One representative from the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan.(2) One representative from the Ministry of Finance.(3) One representative from the Ministry of Economic Affairs.(4) One representative from the Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics of the Executive Yuan.(5) One representative from the Central Bank.(6) Two representatives from municipal cities or counties (cities) governments.(7) Four representatives from labor organizations.(8) Four representatives from business communities.(9) Three representatives from experts and scholars. Article 3
The duties of the Committee are as follows:(1) Matters concerning the supervision and evaluation of the incomes and expenditures, safekeeping and maintence of the Fund.(2) Matters concerning the examination, supervision and evaluation of the management and investments of the Fund.(3) Matters concerning the examination of the annual budgets and final financial statements of the Fund.(4) Other matters concerning the examination of the incomes, expenditures, safekeeping, management and investments of the Fund. Article 4
The Supervisory Committee shall meet once every month under the leadership of the Chairman. Ad hoc meetings shall be held if necessary. Article 5
The Supervisory Committee shall designate an executive secretary, who shall beappointed by the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan and working ona part-time basis. It shall also have several administrative personnel, who shall be appointed by the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan or other related function executive authorities and working on a part-time basis. Article 6
The members and the part-time employees of the Committee shall receive no salary for their work. For those who are not the regular employees of the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan, but doing the part-time job, may receive wage for their part-time work, under the existing regulations. Article 7
The Supervisory Committee shall be given the power to adopt the detailed chartof all levels of responsibilities for its own use and shall submit it to the Council of Labor Affairs of the Executive Yuan for review and examination. Article 8
The rules shall be effective on the day of promulgation. 
