Article 1
The Ministry of Labor (hereinafter referred to as "the Ministry") shall establish the Bureau of Labor Funds (hereinafter referred to as "the Bureau") for the purpose of managing the business of all types of labor funds and investments. Article 2
The Bureau shall be in charge of the following items:1. Investment and management of the Ministry's special funds (hereinafter referred to as "the Funds").2. The planning and execution of investment policy, asset allocation and annual utilization plans for the Funds.3. The establishment of risk budgets, the analysis and compilation of regular risk reporting and the execution of risk management for the Funds.4. The planification of discretionary investment plans for the Funds, the planification, selection, execution, supervision, and evaluation of domestic and foreign entrusted asset management institutions.5. The accounting treatment and custody of the investment and management of the Funds.6. The planification, execution, and evaluation of annual audit plan for the Funds.7. The planification, execution and evaluation of integrated services for the Funds.8. The planification and implementation of management regulations for the Funds. 9. The overall planification and promotion of risk management information system for the Funds.10. Other business related to the Funds. Article 3
The Bureau shall have one Director-General at senior grade 13 and two Deputy Directors-General at senior grade 12. Article 4
The Bureau shall have one Chief-Secretary at senior grade 11. Article 5
The ranks, grades and number of positions of the Bureau staff shall be governed by a separate organization chart.To meet the demands of the business, the hiring staff shall be finance expert and the total number of the staff shall not exceed 30 based on the provisions of the employment regulations.The 51 personnel from the former Bureau of Labor Insurance are not included in the limit number of employees of the Central Government Authority. Article 6
Before the implementation of this Act, the Executive Yuan and the Examination Yuan will conjointly determine the regulations governing the official levels and the pension matters for the existing staff of qualified civil servants transferred from the original Bureau of Labor to the Bureau. However, if the remuneration of such qualified civil servants after the implementation of this law is lower than prior to implementation based on their official positions, the differences in the remuneration of such qualified civil servants and their official levels validated by the Ministry of Civil Service can be determined in accordance with such personnels' willingness. The differences shall be written off with the adjusted remuneration. Subsistence allowance shall not be claimed while the personnel receive the differences. If differences of the remuneration are not made up, subsistence allowance shall be claimed in accordance with the regulations.The restrictions contained in the Civil Service Examination Act and the special regulations and transferring regulations of the Special Examination for Customs Clearance Agents shall not apply to the personnel identified in the fomer entry. However, with respect totransfer of the personnel, such restrictions are limited only to the positions of the examination authority, the subordinated agencies and the Bureau.The provisions of the existing regulations shallapply to the existing staff members who were not qualified as civil servants but were transferred from the original Bureau of Labor Insurance in their terms of office until their resignations or retirements.The remuneration adjustment indicated in the first paragraph refer to the adjustment of the remuneration of the national military and public employees, their office mobility (promotions), their annual performance appraisals (verified), and their remuneration adjustments after the promotions. Article 7
The date that this Act enters into effect shall be gazetted by the Executive Yuan. 
