Chapter 1 General ProvisionsArticle 1　 The Standards set herewith are based on the stipulations of Article 46.2 of the Employment Service Act ( the Act herewith).Article 2　 To be employed for the jobs specified in Article 46.1.1 to 46.1.6 of the Act. Foreigners have to comply with the Standards stipulated herewith.Article 2-1　 Where an employer applies for a permit to hire a foreigner for the latter to perform the work specified in the preceding Article, the foreigner may not be found to be engaged in any of the following circumstances within three (3) years prior to the application date:1. He or she has ever engaged in work without obtaining an Employment Permit;2. He or she has ever worked or is currently working for an employer other than the employer who applied for a permit for him or her;3. Without the employer’s designation, he or she has ever engaged in work not specified in the Employment Permit;4. He or she was absent from work without leave or a justifiable reason for three (3) consecutive days, and he or she and the employer lost contact;5. He or she has ever refused to undergo a health examination or provided a false specimen;6. He or she has ever been found significantly violating Articles 48.2 and 48.3, or 49 of this Act;7. He or she has ever been found significantly violating laws and regulations of the Republic of China; or8. He or she has ever refused to submit any information as required by laws and regulations, or has submitted false information in violation of the laws and regulations.Article 3　 To protect the working rights of the citizens in this country and to provide equal opportunities to foreigners in this country in a fair and reciprocal manner, the central competent authorities will decide along with specific industry authorities the quota of foreign employees based on the evaluation of the employment market, employers' industries, scale, employment plan, operation performance and the contributions to the economic and social development of this country.Chapter 2 Special Professions or Technical AssignmentsArticle 4　 “Specialized or technical work” mentioned in Article 46.1.1 of this Act refers to the following work that requires specialized knowledge, expertise, or techniques for which a foreigner is hired to perform:1. Civil engineering or practice of architecture;2. Communications and transportation;3. Tax and financial services;4. Practice of real estate agency;5. Immigration services;6. Practice of attorneys, or of patent attorneys;7. Practice of technicians;8. Health care;9. Environmental protection;10. Culture, sports, and recreation services;11. Academic research;12. Practice of veterinarians;13. Manufacturing;14. Wholesales; or15. Other work designated as per the joint consultation of the central governing authority and the central competent authorities.Article 5　 Other than meeting with other criteria specified in the Standards, foreign employees have to acquire one of the following qualifications before undertaking the jobs/assignments specified here above:1. Acquire certificates or operation qualifications through the procedures specified in the Examinations of Specific Profession and Technician Guidelines.2. Acquire credentials of Master degree or above from universities in the ROC or in foreign countries or acquire Bachelor degree and with more than two years working experiences in the specific field.3. Expatriates to the ROC that have been employed in multi-national companies for more than one year.4. Specialists who have been trained professionally or self-taught in the specific field and have more than five years experiences in related skills and have demonstrated outstanding performances.Article 5-1　 Other than meeting with other criteria specified in the Standards, foreign students,overseas Chinese students and ethnic Chinese students who have graduated from a public or private accredited college or university in the Republic of China and have accumulated a minimum of 70 points derived from the criteria in the attached table, may be employed to undertake the jobs with exemption from the limitations in the preceding Article.The Central Competent Authorities shall announce the quota, application period,documents for approval and the procedure for issuing the employment permit .Reference Table.pdf
