Article 1
These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 2, Article 10 of the Employment Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The subjects of the National Health Insurance Premium subsidization provided in accordance with Subparagraph 5, Paragraph 1, Article 10 of the Act are as follows:1. An insured person who becomes unemployed;2. The dependents of an insured person who are insured along with the insured person.The term of ‘insured person’ used in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph refers to an individual receiving unemployment benefits or the vocational training living allowance in accordance with the Act.The term of ‘dependants’ used in Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 refers to the family members of an insured person who have been covered by the National Health Insurance along with the insured person up till the time of the insured person’s separation from employment and withdrawal from the employment insurance program and have the status of dependant as described in Article 9 of the National Health Insurance Act or the status of insured person of Category 6 during the period when the subsidy is provided. Dependants who are enrolled in the National Health Insurance program after the insured person’s separation from employment and withdrawal from the employment insurance program shall be excluded. Article 3
For subjects who comply with the regulation of the preceding article, the insurer shall provide the subsidy for their co-payment portion of the monthly National Health Insurance premium.For those receiving unemployment benefits or the vocational training living allowance, the National Health Insurance premium subsidy specified in the preceding paragraph shall be provided for each month in which they receive unemployment benefits or the vocational training living allowance.The insurer shall not subsidize for the supplementary premium to be collected in accordance with the National Health Insurance Act. Article 4
The insurer shall provide regularly the names of persons receiving unemployment benefits or the vocational training allowance, their National ID Card numbers, the dates of their separation from employment and withdrawal from the Employment Insurance program, and the insured units at the time of their separation from employment and withdrawal from the Employment Insurance program for the Bureau of National Health Insurance to confirm these persons and their dependents who are enrolled in the National Health Insurance program along with them as complying with the regulation set forth in Article 2 and return the document to the insurer for reconfirmation. Article 5
The Bureau of National Health Insurance shall calculate the co-payment portion of National Health Insurance premium based on the data reconfirmed by the insurer as described in the preceding article and request the insurer for payment accordingly. . Article 6
These Regulations shall take effect on January 1, 2013. 
