Chapter 1 General principlesArticle 1　 These Regulations are formulated for holding skill competitions in order to encourage nationals to learn skills and improve the country’s competency.Article 2　 The skill competitions referred to herein include the following:1. National Skills Competition2. National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged3. Competition for Selecting Competitors for the National Team4. International skills competitions and Vocational Skills Competitions of the International Abilympic Federation 5. Other skills competitions approved by the CouncilThe fourth refers to competitions held by WorldSkills International; Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics held by the International Abilympic Federation.Article 3　 The National Skills Competition, National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged and Competition for Selecting Competitors for the National Team shall be held by the Council.The Council shall appoint subordinate authorities (institutions), municipalities, prefecture (city) governments or relevant authorities (institutions) and organizations to hold the aforesaid competitions.Article 4　 Under Paragraph 5, Article 2 of the Regulations, the following units shall apply to the Council for holding skill competitions:1. Municipal or governmental agencies above prefecture (city) level.2. High schools or above. 3. Federations of Trade Associations, Federations of Trade Unions, Industrial Associations and Chambers of Commerce at nation levelThe aforesaid units shall apply for accreditation from the Council.Those who obtain the first three places in competition held by accredited units shall be exempt from field tests when taking Class C Skill Certifications within three years from the date of taking the diploma.Chapter 2 Implementation of skill competitionsArticle 5　 The Council shall select skill categories for competitions according to the following principles:1. Skill categories that have been held in the WorldSkills Competitions and Vocational skills competition of International Abilympics.2. Skill categories required for national economic construction3. Skill categories beneficial to the improvement of living standard of the people4. Skill categories in Chinese traditional culture5. Skill categories for which skill certification has been carried outArticle 6　 The scope of skills categories for the competitions shall be defined by the Council.Article 7　 The frequency of carrying out the skill competitions is as follows: 1. The National Skills Competition shall be held once a year.2. The National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged shall be held every other year.3. The Competition for Selecting Competitors of the National Team for the World Skills Competition shall be combined in the National Skills Competition; The Competition for Selecting Competitors of the National Team for the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics shall be combined with the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged.If the National Skills Competition or the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged is to be cancelled for some reasons, the Council shall make a declaration within the first 3 months of the year.Article 8　 If any skill category has only 3competitors or 3 teams participating in the competition, the skill category shall be changed to a demonstration; if any skill category has only 2 competitors or 2 teams participating in the competition, the skill category shall be cancelledArticle 9　 Many of the skill competitions adopt tools, gauges and related devices stipulated by the test for assembly, inspection or manufacturing into finished products or provision of services.Chapter 3 Chief Experts and ExpertsArticle 10 　 Chief Experts for skill categories of the National Skills Competitions and National Skills Competitions for the physically and mentally challenged shall be selected by the council.Article 11 　 The tenure for the chief experts is 2 years and the post shall be reappointed upon expiry. The tenure for the experts shall be limited in accordance with the period of the competition. In case the chief expert is absent, the chief expert shall appoint a substitute chief expert. In case the chief expert cannot do the appointment, the posy shall be designated by the host organization.Article 12 　 The duties of the chief experts for the National Skills Competitions are as follows:1. Preparation of test projects for the World Skills Competition, Simulation Competitions and International Skills Competition.2. Participating in compiling and directing of the training plans for the competitors of the World Skills Competition3. Recommendation of expert assistants and technical advisors4. Arranging experts to evaluate the scores of competitors for skill competitions and participating in the scoring whenever necessary5. Assisting with the borrowing of equipment and devices for competition sites and the training organizations of the competitors6. Assisting with the providing of training materials and equipment, as well as cost of living from the sponsor for the competitors of the World Skills Competition7. Attending various meetings held by the Council and the ROC Committee of the World Skills Competition8. Reviewing the scores of competitors of various skill categories of the National Skills Competition and making proposals of advantages and disadvantages for reference9. Acting as technical committee member of the ROC Committee of the WorldSkills Competition and also as Chief Expert of the country in the WorldSkills CompetitionArticle 13 　 The chief experts for the National Skills Competition have to be fair and selfless displaying professionalism and leadership and shall possess the following qualifications:1. Winning a medal in the World Skills Competition and having over 6 years of actual working experience in the skill category with excellent performance2. Winning a medal in the National Skills Competition and having over 8 years of actual working experience in the skill category with excellent performance3. Class A certified technician in the skill category, having over 10 years of actual working experience in the skill category with excellent performance4. Class B certified technician in the skill category having over 12 years of actual working experience in the skill category with excellent performance5. Those with special accomplishments in this skill category, training competitors for the World Skills Competition who have won more than 2 medals in the World Skills Competition or training competitors for the National Skills Competition who have won more than 4 medals or training competitors for Skills Contest of SeniorHigh Schools in Taiwan who have won more than 4 medals in the first 3 places6. Acting as the committee member for formulating test projects or the experts of national skills competitions for over 4 years7. Graduating from a relevant department in college or above and with over 12 years of relevant working experience with excellent performanceFor chief experts in the World Skills Competition, in addition to the aforesaid qualifications, those who can communicate in English, German or French will be prioritized.Article 14 　 Experts in various skill categories of the National Skills Competition shall be recommended by themselves or the following units:1. Nominators of the competitor 2. Vocational training institutes or schools that have the same or similar departments as the competition skill categories3. Enterprises that have the same or similar skills, equipment as the competition skill categories4. Federations of Trade Associations, Federations of Trade Unions, Industrial Associations related to the competition skill categories5. Competent authorities of relevant purposes6. Others appointed by the CouncilArticle 15 　 Experts of the National Skills Competitions shall possess the following qualifications:1. Having engaged in teaching at relevant departments for more than three years and with over two years of experience in competition matters2. Having formulating test projects or being the invigilator of skill certification3. Graduating from relevant departments in colleges or above and with Class B technician certificate for over two years and working in a relevant fields for over two years4. Graduating from a relevant department in college or above, with over 5 years of relevant working experience5. Winning one of the top three places at the World Skills Competition or Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics and having been engaged in the vocation for over three years6. Having been invited by the Council to be an expert of related skill categoryArticle 16 　 Should the total number of experts be less than 4, the Council shall supplement the number by employment.The number shall be increased based on the number of competitors or in coordination with test projects.Article 17 　 If the recommended people from nominating units of competitors have been invited to be the expert, then the nominating unit shall bear their expenses.Article 18 　 Duties for the experts of the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged are as follows:1. Preparation of test projects for the National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged, Simulation Competitions and Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics 2. Participating in the compiling and directing of the training plans for the competitors of Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics3. Recommendation of expert candidates 4. Arranging the experts to evaluate the scores of competitors for skills competitions and participating in the scoring whenever necessary5. Assisting with the borrowing of equipment and devices for the competition sites and the training institutes6. Assisting with the providing of training materials, equipment, as well as cost of living from the sponsor for the competitors of Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics7. Attending various meetings held by the Council and the ROC Committee of the World Skills Competitions8. Reviewing the scores of competitors of various skill categories of the National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged and making the proposal of advantages and disadvantages for reference9. Acting as technical committee member of the ROC Committee of the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged and also as the Chief Expert for the country in the Vocational Skills Competition of the International AbilympicsArticle 19 　 Article 13 shall apply to the qualifications for chief experts of the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged.Article 20 　 Experts of various skills categories at the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged shall be appointed by the Council.Article 21 　 Article 13 shall apply to the qualifications for experts of the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged.Article 22 　 In principle, the total number of experts (including chief experts) for any skill category in the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged shall be 3. If the competitors enrolled be too many, the number may be increased accordingly.Article 23 　 The duties of the experts for National Skills Competitions and National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged are as follows:1. Evaluating scores of competitors upon instruction by the chief expert2. During the competition, assisting the chief expert in solving technical issues of the competitors3. Making a detailed record of performances of the competitors as a reference for the chief expert in making suggestions or commentsArticle 24 　 Experts failing to participate in the entire pre-competition orientation shall not evaluate the scores of competitors.Experts working at the same organization with the competitors, having a teacher/student relationship with the competitors, or being spouses, ex-spouses, blood consanguinity within the fourth rank or marriage relative within the third rank shall not evaluate the scores of competitors.Provided such experts are doing the evaluation, interested parties shall request or the chief expert shall order them to abstain from evaluation.If they have done the evaluation, the scores given will be invalid.Article 25 　 Execution of authority by the experts shall be conducted in accordance with the notice of experts, which is promulgated by the CouncilArticle 26 　 Any expert violating any of the stipulations of the competition shall be dealt with under the assistance of the nominating unit.Article 27 　 The chief experts shall recommend 1-3 assistants for the chief expert and the technical advisors as required, who will be employed by the Council during the competition.Chapter 4 Source and limitations for the competitorsArticle 28 　 Source and limitations for the competitors of the National Skills Competition are as follows:1. The first 5 places of each skill category in the regional skills competition of the year recommended by the host, whose scores are above 60.2. The first 3 places of a relevant skill category in the skills competition nationwide senior high schools of the year recommended by the authority in education. However, in case there are 2 or more skill categories that are equivalent to 1 skill category in the National Skills Competition, 2 contestants for each of the 2 skills categories and 1 contestant for each of the 3 skills categories shall be recommended.Competitors of each skill category shall be R.O.C. nationals and be recommended by the nominating units.After signing up, the competitors shall not alter the nominating units.Those who apply after graduating or quit, shall apply for mutual nomination, including institutions, schools and their affiliate units with qualification of corporations, groups, companies, enterprises and vocational training institutes.To participate in a group, members shall not have won one of the first three places in the National Skills Competition.Name list of the groups shall not be altered after signing up.Article 29 　 Competitors with an Identification Card for the physically and mentally Challenged shall sign up at the host organization to participate in the National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged. However, should the number of competitors for each skill category exceed the capacity of the competition site, a test shall be carried out to determine qualificationArticle 30 　 All competitors under the age of 21 getting the first 3 places in past National Skills Competitions who have not represented the country to participate in the same skill category of the World Skills may sign up for the Competition for Selecting Competitors of the National Team of the World Skills Competition. But the scores of the Competition for Selecting Competitors shall not be recorded in the present competition.With respect to the age limit, regulations of the World Skills Competition, if any, shall govern.Article 31 　 All competitors getting the first 3 places in past National Skills Competitions for the physically and mentally Challenged in the past ten years who have not represented the country to participate in the same skill category of the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympic Federation may sign up for the Competition for Selecting Competitors of the National Team of the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics. But the scores of the Competition for Selecting Competitors shall not be recorded in the present competition.Chapter 5 Competition RulesArticle 32 　 To access the competition site, the competitors shall try to be neat and cleanly dressed, with their Competitor Card worn on the pocket at the left upper part of the coat and the skill category code badge on the left arm.Article 33 　 Competitors failing to enter the site 15 minutes after the start of the competition shall be deemed disqualified.Article 34 　 Competitors shall dress and prepare safety equipment required to access the competition site.When entering the competition site, the competitors shall not carry any prefabricated parts, models, semi-finished products or any rulers, gauges or special tools relevant to the test projects.Article 35 　 The competitors shall get familiar with the devices or equipment allocated to them within the simulated site/ time and checking the allocated materials.After checking, they have to sign for confirmation.Any doubts about the devices or equipment, should be taken up with the chief expert immediately or the objection shall not be accepted.Article 36 　 After entering the site, the competitors shall be seated according to the work position allocated by ballot, and the examination shall be started after the experts unseal the equipment and materials and announce the start. In case there is any doubt after the examination, the competitors shall immediately consult the chief expert. No objection shall be accepted afterwards.Article 37 　 The competitors shall not deliberately damage the facilities in the competition site. If it does happened the competitors shall be treated according to the regulations.Article 38 　 During the competition, the competitors shall not talk with experts privately. If there is any questions about the announcement, instructions of the expert, question about the test projects , loose of pages or any other questions, the competitors shall raise their hands in their seat and after being approved, these questions and matters shall be answered or dealt with by 2 experts jointly, no objection shall be accepted afterwards.Article 39 　 During the competition, any competitors violating the competition rules shall be punished by deducting the score according to the actual situation after joint confirmation by 2 experts.Article 40 　 If any competitor needs to leave the competition site during the competition, he or she shall get approval from the chief expert and shall be accompanied by the experts. The leave shall not exceed 10 minutes and the period of leave shall not be deducted.The time shall be further extended for five minutes provided the competitors are physically and mentally disabled.Article 41 　 Upon expiry of the competition period, all competitors shall stop operation immediately.Article 42 　 During the competition, the competitors shall not talk with each other or use mobile phones or interphones or other telecommunication devices, any violators shall be punished by deducting score.Article 43 　 The time spent during the competition for competitors to manage their own equipment or tools shall not be deducted.Article 44 　 Competitors shall follow the direction of the chief expert in case of air raids, power failure, equipment failure or other accidents during the competition.Article 45 　 Should the competition be continued on the next day, the competitors shall place the test projects, their own tools, semi-finished products and relevant documents, which will then be sealed by the experts and stored by the shop supervisor of the site, at places designated by the host organization upon closing of the present day.Article 46 　 Upon completion of work, the chief expert and the shop supervisor shall seal and number the products, and then deliver the tools, equipment and materials provided by the host organization to the shop supervisor, after that, the competitors may leave the site.Chapter 6 Dealing with score disputesArticle 47 　 In case there are any disputes about the score of the competition, the competitors shall submit written documents specifying name of the skill category, name, birth date, gender, ID card number and address of the competitor as well as the main content to the host organization within 1 hour after the awarding and closing ceremony.Article 48 　 To deal with the disputes about the score of the competition, the Council or the host organization shall retain senior chief experts and scholars to form a Committee for Examining and Reviewing Technical Disputes.Article 49 　 Upon receipt of the written documents about the dispute from the competitors, the host organization shall submit the documents to the Committee for Examining and Reviewing Technical Disputes for handling. the party concerned shall be informed of the results in written form within 15 days.Chapter 7 AwardingArticle 50 　 In order to encourage the participation in the Skills Competition, all competitors, chief experts, trainers, business entities, schools, organizations and relevant agencies with excellent performance or special contributions shall be awarded by the Council.Article 51 　 The host organization shall award medals, diplomas, scholarships or grants in aid to competitors getting the first 3 places in the National Skills Competition or the National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged. For skill categories belonging to demonstration skill categories, the scholarship or grant in aid shall be half. Any competitors getting a score above 80 shall be granted a diploma.Competitors failing to attend the closing and awarding ceremony without a reasonable excuse shall be deemed as disqualified from the scholarship or grant in aid stipulated in the previous paragraph.Article 52 　 The Council shall award competitors of the first 3 places in the World Skills Competition or the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics a scholarship or grant in aid and diploma.Article 53 　 The Council shall award a diploma and scholarship or grant in aid to competitors getting the first 3 places in the World Skills Competition or the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics and relevant chief experts, former trainers for reinforcement trainings of the said competitors of the national team as encouragement.The former trainers stipulated in the previous paragraph refer to those who have trained the competitors qualified to be the competitors of the national teams and representing the country to participate in various skill categories in the World Skill Competition over a long period.The trainers for reinforcement training for competitors stipulated in the previous paragraph refer to those actually participating in the instruction and training of the competitors who have been enrolled in the Basic Data of the Trainer and the Reinforcement Training Plan reported to the Council.Article 54 　 The scholarship or grant in aid for the chief expert, former trainers and trainers for the reinforcement training of competitors of the national team shall be allocated according to the following:1. 25% of the scholarship or grant in aid shall be awarded to the chief expert. 2. 25% of the scholarship or grant in aid shall be awarded to the former trainer(s), if there are 2 or more of them, the scholarship or grant in aid shall be equally shared.3. 50 % of the scholarship or grant in aid shall be awarded to trainers for the reinforcement training.(1) If the are 2 or more trainers, the scholarship or grant in aid shall be allocated according to the period of training in the Reinforcement Training Plan they participated in respectively.(2) Any chief expert who is also listed as the trainer shall be awarded according to the period of training, he or she participated in. (3) If the chief expert and the trainers have reached an agreement for the allocation, which has been specified along with the Reinforcement Training Plan for the competitor, the scholarship or grant in aid shall be allocated according to the agreement.Article 55 　 The scholarship or grant in aid for the chief expert and former trainers and trainers for the reinforcement training of competitors of the national team are as follows:1. The first three places at regional competitions of the National Skills Competition(1) First place: NT0,000(2) Second place: NT,000(3) Third place: NT,0002. The first three places in the National Skills Competition and National Skills Competition for the Physically and mentally Challenged(1) First place: NT0,000(2) Second place: NT0,000(3) Third place: NT0,0003. The first three places in the World Skills Competition and Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics(1) First place: NT00,000(2) Second place: NT00,000(3) Third place: NT00,000(4) Excellence: NT0,0004. The chief expert and former trainers and trainers and trainers for the reinforcement training of competitors in the World Skills Competition and Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics(1) First place: NT00,000(2) Second place: NT0,000(3) Third place: NT0,000(4) Excellence: NT0,000The scholarship or grant in aid for the chief expert, former trainers for the reinforcement training of competitors of the national team shall be allocated according to the aforesaid allocation.Article 56 　 The Council shall award medals (diplomas) to the nominating units of competitors getting the first 3 places in the National Skills Competition, the National Skills Competition for the physically and mentally challenged and the Vocational Skills Competition of the International Abilympics as encouragement.Article 57 　 The Council shall present a letter of appreciation to sponsors (units or individuals) contributing outlay, materials, equipment and training of competitors to the skill competitionsChapter 8 Supplementary articlesArticle 58 　 Format of the forms herein shall be formulated by the Council.Article 59 　 These Regulations shall be put in force as of the date of promulgation.
