Chapter IGeneral ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 3, Article 33 of the Vocational Training Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act).Article 2　 The skills certification guideline stated in Paragraph 3, Article 33 of the Act refer to the directions regarding the scope and job category of skills certification, work items, skill categories and standards of skills, and related knowledge to set the basis for the formulation of written and field tests.Chapter IIDevelopment of Job CategoriesArticle 3　 The Central Competent Authority shall act in line with government economic policies, industrial tendencies, and occupation market demands to develop and adjust job categories.The Central Competent Authority may entrust relevant agencies (institutions) or organizations to conduct the development and adjustment of job categories of skills certification referred to in the preceding paragraph.Article 4　 Development and adjustment of job categories shall be conducted as a priority for occupations that meet either of the following descriptions:1. Those requiring employment of certified technicians according to law;2. Those technically involving public safety issues.Article 5　 Development of job categories shall not be conducted for occupations that meet any of the following descriptions:1. Those to be categorized as requiring professional occupations and technologies;2. Those requiring tests conducted by the competent authority of the related business;3. Those involving knowledge and skills for which objective evaluation standards are not yet to be established.Article 6　 Related professional organizations and agencies (institutions) may present proposals regarding development or adjustment of job categories of skills certification to The Central Competent Authority.A proposal as described in the preceding paragraph shall include the name of the job category, reasons for development, expected results, supply and demand of the labor market, work scope of the job category,, and main work items in writing.Chapter IIIEstablishment guidelines of Skills CertificationArticle 7　 If necessary, The Central Competent Authority may commission agencies (institutions) or organizations to establish guidelines of skills certification.Before establishing the guidelines stated in the preceding paragraph, The Central Competent Authority shall consult with the competent authority of the related business, schools, training agencies (institutions), enterprises or organizations.Article 8　 The Central Competent Authority shall appoint 6 to 10 persons that meet one of the following qualifications to establish the guidelines of skills certification for each job category:1. Having been a teacher of the level of assistant professor or higher and at least 5 years of teaching experience in related fields;2. Holding a university or higher degree and having at least 10 years of teaching experience in related fields;3. Holding a college or higher degree and having held an executive position for at least 5 years or a non-executive position for 8 years in the technical or training department of government agencies (institutions)or a legally registered organization;4. Holding a senior high or vocational school or higher diploma and the highest skills certificate for a related job category , and having at least 10 years of practical experience in a related occupation or having been a vocational trainer in a related field for at least 10 years;5. Representing The Central Competent Authority or The Central Competent Authority of the industry in concern.Establishment guidelines of skills certification for certain specified job categories shall not be subject to the restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph.Article 9　 The Central Competent Authority may request the competent authority of the related business, schools, enterprises, vocational training agencies (institutions), and organizations to make recommendations when appointing the personnel stated in the preceding Article; those appointed shall be issued a certificate of appointment.The validity of the certificate of appointment stated in the preceding paragraph shall last from the date of appointment till December 31 of the same year.Chapter IVTest Questions formulation and MarkingArticle 10 　 The Central Competent Authority shall randomly select written and field test questions of skills certification from the test question bank or with centralized composing.Field test questions that are to be disclosed to the public shall follow the usage instruction of the test questions.Article 11 　 The certification administration agency of written test shall mark all written tests or non-choice-question written field tests at a designated site,and mark online written tests with online computerized system.Article 12 　 When marking with computerized grading system, written test answer cards shall be scanned at a high-sensitivity setting and a low-sensitivity setting once each and the score most advantageous to the examinee shall be the final result.Article 13 　 Answer cards containing answers not given according to regulations but still identifiable when marking with computerized grading system, shall be processed in accordance with the following:1. Answer cards containing texts or symbols other than those requested and thus making it impossible to identify, all the answers shall not be given any point.2. Answer cards containing answers not provided with specified writing instruments and thus making it difficult to identify the answers shall be given points in accordance with the identifiable answers.3. Answer cards containing messy erasures or answers marked too lightly or too heavily and thus making it difficult to identify the answers shall be given points in accordance with the identifiable answers.4. Single-choice questions to which two or more answers are given shall not be given any point.5. Answer cards that are smeared or damaged and thus difficult to read shall be given points in accordance with the identifiable answers.Article 14 　 Answer cards that are damaged and not readable when marking with computerized grading system shall be processed in accordance with the followings:1 .If the damage is confirmed as having been caused by the examinee and leading to the mutilation of the answer card by computerized grading system and the answer card thus becomes unreadable, no point shall be given.2. If the damage is confirmed as having been caused by negligence during the grading process or by the computerized grading system, The Central Competent Authority and the certification administration agency shall photocopy the answer card and reread it with computerized grading system or mark it manually and enter the result in the computer. The photocopy shall be remarked with the cause and co-signed by the competent authority and the certification administration agency before it is sealed with the original answer card and filed by the certification administration agency.Article 15 　 Manual grading shall be divided into initial grading and final grading to be conducted by different personnel. The result of the final grading shall be the official score. When significant differences occur between the initial and final grading, the tests shall be re-graded by a third party and the result shall be final.The grading and scoring procedures specified in the preceding paragraph shall not apply to tests questions that are subject to different regulations.Article 16 　 When tests are graded manually, answer sheets containing answers not given according to regulations shall be processed in accordance with the following:1. A 5-point deduction shall be imposed on examinees who have not applied requested symbols or used a pencil to answer the questions as specified.2. No point shall be given for questions the answers to which are misplaced or single-choice questions to which two or more answers are given.3. No point shall be given for questions the answers to which have been corrected repeatedly and become unidentifiable.4. No point shall be given for the subject if the answer sheet contains unnecessary texts, symbols or marks.Chapter VTest Operating ProcedureArticle 17 　 Skills certification registration shall be conducted in accordance with the corresponding registration brochure of the year. Once registered, applicants may not request for deregistration, refund of the registration fee, restitution of field test materials, or change of job category, class, stage, or test district.The certification administration agency shall determine another testing date if a natural disaster or serious incident happens and the originally scheduled date has to be cancelled. Under such circumstances, The Central Competent Authority shall refund applicants who choose not to take the test.Applicants unable to take tests due to a natural disaster, serious incident or occupational accidents, may provide accident certificate or occupational injury (disease) payment certificate given by Labor Insurance Bureau and apply to the Central Competent Authority for the registration fee refund.If an applicant is deceased before the certification, his or her legal heir may apply to The Central Competent Authority for refund of the registration fee.Article 18 　 Repeated registrations for or taking of skills certification tests of the same stage, job category, class and item shall be disallowed.Article 19 　 Skills certification shall be divided into written and field tests.Written tests shall be taken in person or online, or through other measures when necessary. The full score of written tests shall be 100 points and 60 points shall be the passing grade.Fields test shall be assignment of practical tasks in principle. Written tests of non-choice questions may be adopted if assignment of practical tasks is infeasible. Evaluation of field test results shall be conducted with 100 points as the full score or by determining examinees as passing or failing the test. When the full score is 100 points, 60 points shall be the passing grade.If the competent authority of the related business has different regulations with regard to the passing standards of written and field tests, the said regulations shall prevail.Article 20 　 The certification administration agency conducting a field test shall provide the test applicants with related information 10 days in advance, unless it is otherwise specified for the field test questions.Article 21 　 Once grades are given, the written and field test answer sheets (cards) or evaluation sheets shall be sealed and guarded for one year after the test results are mailed to examinees, but the ones over which contentions have been raised during the said period shall be guarded for five years.The registration forms and proof of identity of applicants for Level C and Single-class Skills certification shall be guarded for one year after registration but those of applicants who have raised contentions about test results during the said period shall be guarded for five years.The registration forms and proof of identity of applicants for Level B and Level A Skills certification shall be guarded for five year after registrationCertification administration agencies conducting the written and field tests shall guard the documents specified in the three preceding paragraphs for the said periods and establish lists of the said documents. If necessary, The Central Competent Authority may pull and read the said documents for review and request the said agencies to extend the guarding period.Article 22 　 Those partaking in or conducting Skills certification and aware of or in possession of the following information shall keep the information confidential and may not use it to their advantage or leak or steal the information:1. Written or field test questions;2. Field test evaluation standards and evaluation sheet contents before the test is conducted;3. Referential answers to written or field test questions;4. Contents of written or field test answer sheets (including field test workpieces and evaluation sheet contents);5. Information involving test results over which contentions have been raised;6. The names and related information of those personnel participating in test question formation, invigilation and marking.The restrictions set forth in this article shall not apply to the information described in Subparagraphs 1 to 3 when it is to be disclosed to the public in advance.Article 23 　 Certification administration agency employees who are involved in field test administration may not take field tests conducted by his or her employer. If there is only one certification administration agency for the field test, the agency conducting the field test shall obtain the consent of The Central Competent Authority in advance and appoint test invigilation and marking personnel from other certification administration agencies.Chapter VIWritten Test Invigilating and Field Test Invigilating and MarkingArticle 24 　 Certification administration agencies conducting written and field tests shall appoint individuals who meet one of the following qualifications to be invigilators for written tests and non-choice-question written field tests:1. Those who are or who were government agency (institution) personnel of elementary rank status or equivalent level;2. Those who are or who were teachers or administrative staff members of public and private schools.Invigilators for online written tests shall meet one of the qualifications described in the preceding paragraph or hold a college or higher degree and are currently employed by certification administration agencies and trained and certified by The Central Competent Authority.Article 25 　 Certification administration agencies which have been commissioned or authorized by The Central Competent Authority for conducting field tests shall appoint certified personnel to invigilate and mark field tests.Article 26 　 Certification administration agencies shall abide by the following when appointing invigilators and markers for field tests:1. When less than 5 invigilators and markers are required for a field test, no more than one person shall be appointed from each unit.2. When 6 or more invigilators and markers are required for a field test, no more than one third of the total required or 4 persons at the maximum shall be appointed from the same unit.3. For field tests lasting less than 5 days, the same certification administration agency shall not appoint the same person to be an invigilator or marker for the same field test, stage, job category or class for more than 2 days. For those lasting more than 5 days, the same person shall not be an invigilator or marker for more than half of the duration.4. The same person shall not serve as an invigilator or marker in field test for the same job category for more than 15 days in the same month.5. Certification administration agencies may not appoint full-time or part-time instructors of their training programs to be field test invigilators and markers for the students or trainees of their programs.The restrictions set forth in the preceding paragraph shall not be applied to the situation that the number of invigilator and marker are not enough due to incident on the field testing day or certain specified job category without enough number of invigilators and markers.Article 27 　 Invigilators and markers shall recuse from invigilation or marking assignments under either of the following circumstances:1. Their spouses, ex-spouses, blood relatives within the top four degrees of kinship, or marital relatives within the top three degrees of kinship are taking the field test.2. There is concrete evidence shows that they are likely to be partial when executing their duties.When an invigilator or marker is found to be in either of the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph but fails to recuse from invigilating and marking assignment, the certification administration agency conducting the written or field test shall order him or her to recuse.Article 27-1　 When catching examinees in violation of test regulations, invigilators and markers shall stop the act immediately and handle the violation in accordance with Articles 35 to 36-1.Article 28 　 When examinees point out errors or incompleteness that renders test questions incomprehensible during a test, invigilators and markers shall immediately contact the concerned certification administration agency to verify and address the problem; they may not make any correction on their own.Article 29 　 When invigilators of written tests and non-choice-question written field tests are found to be with one of the following situations, the concerned certification administration agency shall immediately relieve them of their duties and notify The Central Competent Authority and their employers:1. Being 15 minutes late for or absent from a pre-test invigilation workshop without justification;2. Unable to maintain order of examination sites effectively;3. Losing tests or answer sheets (cards);4. Having bad attitudes or arguing with examinees when invigilating;5. Failing to recuse themselfs in accordance with Article 27;6. Having other negligent conduct that has had negative effects on examinees’ interests or test related matters.When invigilators are relieved of their duties due to any of the situations described in the preceding paragraph, certification administration agencies may assess the degree of severity of the circumstances and never appoint them for invigilation again.Article 30 　 Field test invigilators and markers who are confirmed to be with one of the following situations shall be suspended from invigilation and marking work from 2 years.1. Being absent for marking work without asking the certification administration agency for leave in advance;2. Failing to maintain order of examination sites effectively and causing it impossible for the field test to proceed;3. Being unfamiliar with field test questions and marking standards and therefore unfit for invigilating and marking work;4. Refusing to be appointed to invigilate at the field test site without justified reason.5. Losing all or part of test sheets, answer sheets(cards), workpieces or review sheets.6. Announcing the test results to the public without permission.7. Participating in field test of the job category and serving the post of invigilator in any round of the same stage and the same job category concurrently.8. Having other negligent conduct that has had negative effects on examinees' interests or test related matters.Article 30-1　 Field test invigilators and markers who are confirmed to be with one of the following situations shall be suspended from invigilation and marking work for 6 months:1. Being absent from coordination meeting prior to invigilating and marking without justification;2. Failing to catch cheating acts during field tests due to negligence;3. Leaving their invigilation or marking posts or engaging in irrelevant matters during field tests;4. Providing examinees with test-related technical clues during field tests;5. Conversing with examinees about irrelevant subjects during field tests;6. Failing to turn off their communications equipment during field tests;7. Failing to record causes of point deductions on the evaluation sheet;8. Miscalculating test scores;9. Being absent from workshops on field test invigilator and marker violations;10. Having other negligent conduct that has had negative effects on examinees’ interests or test related matters.Article 31 　 Certification administration agencies shall record the performance evaluation of each invigilator and marker at each field test.When field test invigilators and markers are found with any of the situations described in the preceding article or Article 39 of the Regulations on Technician Skills Certification and Issuance of Certificates during field tests, the responsible certification administration agency shall submit the invigilator and marker performance evaluation record stated in the preceding paragraph to The Central Competent Authority for disposal.Article 32 　 Certification administration agencies may appropriately award written and field test invigilators and markers who have successfully prevented or discovered cheating during tests or request their employers in writing to award them for the performance.Chapter VIIDirections of Written and Field Test SitesArticle 33 　 Written examinee shall locate their designated desks and be seated when the preparatory ring goes off. Those failing to enter the test room within 15 minutes after the test begins shall be disallowed entry. Examinees may not leave the room within 45 minutes after the test begins but this restriction shall not apply to people taking online written tests.Article 33-1　 Examinees with a disability certificate or proof of physical or mental disability issued by the education authority of a special municipality or county/city government may apply to the certification administration agency conducting the written or field test for a 20% test time extension when registering.Article 34 　 After they are seated, written examinees shall place their test admission and proof of identity, such as national ID, passport, National Health Insurance Card or driving license, on the front left corner of the desk or the spot designated by the invigilator for identity verification. They are also required to check if the name, test admission number, job category, class, and test indicated on the tag attached to the test sheets (or answer card) are correct. If any of the aforementioned items is incorrect or the test is not properly sealed, they shall inform the invigilator immediately.Written examinees are forbidden to carry cell phones, pagers, or any electronic communications or recording devices into the test room. They shall follow the instructions of the invigilator and put away all objects other than the stationery required to take the test.Article 34-1　 Those who have registered for two or more tests of different job categories 、classes or items held at the same time or same test site, the job categories which the examinees are unable to take will be listed as absent from the class or item of the job category.Article 35 　 Written examinees found with one of the following situations shall not be given any point for the test:1. Having amposture examinee;2. Holding forged or altered proof of identity;3. Exchanging seats or test sheets or answer cards with others;4. Passing texts, referential material, objects with test-related writing, or signals;5. Carrying books, documents, referential material, objects with test-related writing, or symbols into the test room;6. Failing to turn in the test sheets or answer sheets (card);7. Using prohibited instruments;8. Peeking at other examinees’ answer sheets (cards);9. Writing (transcribing) test-related texts or symbols on the desk or chair, stationery, body, test admission, or other objects;10. Failing to comply with these Regulations or follow the instructions of the invigilator or causing disturbances in and outside the test sites.Examinees with one of the situations described in the preceding paragraph shall be stopped from continuing taking the test and not allowed to leave the room until the time when examinees are allowed to leave.Article 36 　 A 20-point deduction shall be imposed on written examinees found with one of the following situations:1. Having used the seat and therefore the answer card of another examinee throughout the entire test;2. Opening or damaging the sealed corner of the answer sheets or cutting or smearing the answer sheets (card);3. Tearing of the tag attached to the test sheets, or writing his or her name or putting down other texts or symbols on the answer sheets;4. Disobeying the invigilator’s instructions and leaving the test room within 45 minutes after the test begins;5. Carrying cell phones, pagers, or other communications or recording devices into the test room.6. Using the electronic calculator which is not announced by The Central Competent Authority.Article 36-1　 A 10-point deduction shall be imposed on written examinees found with one of the following situations:1. Opening and reading the test sheets and beginning to answer the questions before the beginning bell goes off;2. Continuing taking the test after the test time has ended or disobeying invigilator's instructions and not leaving the test room right after turning in the test sheets;3. Having used the seat and therefore the answer card of another examinee but realized the mistake and made the correction immediately;4. Carrying blank paper into the test room;5. Reentering the test room without the permission of the invigilator.6. Smoking cigarrets, chewing betel nut or gum disregard the exhorting at the test sites. 7. Before the end of the test hour, put the test questions or answers down on paper and take them out of the test site disregard the exhorting.Article 37 　 Written examinees shall turn in both the answer sheets (card) and the test sheets to the invigilator before leaving the test room and reentry shall be disallowed.Article 38 　 When the field test is assignment of practical tasks, examinees shall enter the test site on time. Those failing to enter the test site within 15 minutes after the test begins shall be disallowed entry for the test site. For tests conducted in stages or at different stations, other than those taking the test of the first stage (at the first station), other examinees are also required to enter the test site on time or shall be disallowed entry. but if there are different instructions on the field tests questions, those instructions shall be followed.Articles 33 to 37 shall apply mutatis mutandis to non-choice-question written field test examinees, but Article 16 shall apply to such written tests that are to be manual graded.Article 39 　 When entering the field test sites, examinees shall present their test admission, field test notification, proof of identity and required tools to be inspected by invigilators and markers. Equipment, accessories and diagrams other than those specified in the regulations or cell phones, pagers, or other electronic communications or recording devices and objects shall be disallowed.If uniforms are required, those not wearing the required uniforms shall be disallowed entry and considered failing the test.Article 40 　 To take field tests, examinees shall take position in the designated spot in accordance with their test position numbers and place their test admission, field test notification and proof of identity in the designated location for verification.Examinees having questions about the machines, equipments, tools or materials that the certification administration agency provides shall raise their questions immediately. No questions may be raised after the test begins.When questions are raised as stated in the preceding paragraph, invigilators and markers shall solve the problems immediately.Article 41 　 Field examinees shall abide by the regulations invigilators and markers have explained.Article 42 　 Certification administration agency or invigilators and markers shall determine the beginning and end of field tests according to each test questions. Examinees may not make their own decisions to start early or extend the test time.Article 43 　 Field examinees shall take safety precautions when operating machines and equipments.Article 44 　 Examinees causing malfunctions to the machines and equipments used in field tests due to negligence during operation must eliminate the malfunctions on their own and no extra test time shall be given.Article 45 　 Field examinees shall operate the machines and equipments used in the test with care. Those damaging the machines and equipments intentionally shall be held responsible for the damages.Article 46 　 During breaks from the test, field examinees shall place their own tools and workpieces according to the instructions of invigilators and markers.Article 47 　 Field examinees shall turn in the finished assignment, workpieces and remaining materials to invigilators and markers when the test is over or when they leave in the middle of the test. Those who have turned in the said objects and left the site shall be disallowed reentry.Article 48 　 Field examinees found with one of the following situations shall be stopped from continuing taking the test and considered failing the test:1. Having a imposture examinee;2. Passing information or signals;3. Assisting or asking others to do the assignment;4. Exchanging workpieces or diagrams with others;5. Carrying finished products or tools, equipments, accessories or diagrams other than those specified in the regulations, or cell phones, pagers or other electronic communications or recording devices;6. Failing to turn in the workpieces, diagrams or test sheets that are to be turned in;7. Damaging the machines or equipment intentionally;8. Failing to abide by these Regulations and disobeying the instructions of invigilators and markers and causing disturbances in and outside the test site;9. Violating Article 23;10. Knowing that an invigilator or marker has failed to recuse himself or herself as set forth in Article 27 but continuing to take the test.An examinee found after the test to have been with one of the situations described in the subparagraphs of the preceding paragraph shall be considered failing the test.Chapter VIIITest Disputes and Score ReviewArticle 49 　 Examinees having doubts about the written test questions or answers of non-choice-question written field test questions shall present a written statement including the following information to the competent authority or the responsible certification administration agency within 7 days after the test:1. The name, test admission number, address and telephone number of the examinee;2. The test job category, class, stage, and the numbers of the questions in concern;3. The reasons for considering the questions or answers as inappropriate or erroneous and corresponding information.The deadline for presentation of doubts shall be determined according to the postmark. Doubts presented after the deadline shall not be accepted.Each examinee shall be allowed to raise doubts about each test question only one time.Article 49-1　 Test questions and answers of written tests conducted online shall not be publicly disclosed after the test.The answers to non-choice-question written field test questions shall not be publicly disclosed.Article 50 　 The Central Competent Authority and certification administration agencies shall handle the doubts described in the preceding paragraph according to the following procedure:1. If the doubt involves the actual content of a question, The Central Competent Authority shall turn the information presented by the examinee, the question and the answer over to the original persons of composing test questions bank and request for a reply within 7 days. If necessary, The Central Competent Authority may invite other specialists to examine the reply, review the answer sheet in concern, and inform the examinee of the result.2. When the doubt raised does not involve the actual content of test questions, The Central Competent Authority or the responsible certification administration agency shall address the problem.If the persons of composing test questions bank stated in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph is unable to handle the matter, other persons of composing test questions bank may be invited to handle the matter.Article 51 　 When written test questions or answers are confirmed as erroneous or flawed, the following measures shall be taken:1. When a question is erroneous and the correct answer therefore does not exist, the points for the question shall be given to every examinee in concern.2. When a question may be flawed but the correct answer does exist or the answer announced is mistaken, regrading shall be conducted according to the correction.Article 52 　 When non-choice- question written field test questions are confirmed as erroneous or flawed, the following measures shall be taken:1. When a question or its sub-question is erroneous and thus making it impossible for examinees to answer, the said question or sub-question shall be discarded and the points it accounts for shall be transferred to other questions of the test or other sub-questions of the question in concern.2. When a question may be flawed but it is still possible for examinees to give an answer, regrading shall be conducted according to the corrected criterion.Article 53 　 Field examinees having questions about the task assigned or the test site shall raise the questions right there and then and the invigilators and markers shall record the questions. Questions that have not been raised right there and then or recorded shall not be processed afterwards.The questions described in the preceding paragraph shall be processed in accordance with Article 50.Article 54 　 Examinees having objections to their written or field test scores may apply in writing to The Central Competent Authority or the responsible certification administration agency for score review within 10 days after receiving the grade report. Applications filed after the said period shall not be accepted.Examinees may not request regrading or to view or duplicate the answer sheets (card) or test evaluation sheet, or to be told the points scored on individual items or the referential answers to field test questions. Neither can they request to be given the name and related information of the invigilators and markers or persons of composing test questions bank .Each written and field test, examinee shall be allowed to apply for score review once only.Article 55 　 The Central Competent Authority or certification administration agencies shall conduct score review in accordance with the following:1. For written tests, the applicant’s answer card shall be random inspected to verify the applicant’s test admission number. The answer card shall be examined for consistency with answering regulations and rescanned with computerized grading system at a high-sensitivity setting and a low-sensitivity setting once each to confirm whether the score calculation is consistent with the result registered.2. For written tests conducted online, the applicant’s online test sheets (including the answers) shall be random inspected to verify the applicant’s written test number and the score shall be calculated to confirm whether it is consistent with the result registered.3. For field tests, the applicant’s answer sheets or evaluation sheet shall be random inspected to verify the test admission number. The score shall be reviewed to confirm whether the total of the points scored in various items is consistent with the result registered.The Central Competent Authority or the responsible certification administration agency shall inform the applicant in writing of the review result as well as the grading standards for the concerned job category. The competent authority or the responsible certification administration agency may not provide the applicant with the original or photocopies of the answer sheets (card). If the score has been affected by the applicant’s answering approach or use of instruments not compliant with the regulations, it shall be made known to the applicant.Article 56 　 Applicants for score review may not have any of the conduct specified in Paragraph 2 of Article 54.Chapter VIIIIHandling of Incidental EventsArticle 57 　 Under one of the following circumstances, the person in charge of the certification administration agency conducting the test or the invigilators and markers shall extend the test time to make up for delays:1. The test is delayed due to negligence in test administration.2. Errors in test room assignment or related matters make examinees unable to arrive on time.3. The test has to be interrupted and continued elsewhere due to inappropriateness of the test site or equipment.4. Incidental events occur during field tests and temporary suspension is decided.When any of the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph can be attributed to examinees’ personal conduct, the test shall not be extended to make up for delays.Article 58 　 When a test is ended prior to the stipulated time, extra points in proportion to the amount of time examinees are deprived of shall be given, but those confirmed as having turned in their tests before the said incident shall not be given the said extra points.Article 59 　 When written or field tests cannot be conducted due to power outages, typhoons, earthquakes, air raids, floods, fires, test sheet shipment mistakes at the test composition site, loss of test sheets, or other critical incidents, the following measure shall be taken:1. When an incident as stated in the preceding paragraph takes place before a test is held, the responsible certification administration agency shall request The Central Competent Authority to make the decision. If the test is to be held on another date, the said certification administration agency shall publicly announce the postponement and notify the examinees.2. When an incident as stated in the preceding paragraph takes place during a test and the person in charge of the responsible certification administration agency deems it necessary to suspend the test, all invigilators and markers shall be notified to collect all the answer sheets (cards) or workpieces immediately. Written tests and non-choice-question written field tests that have been in progress for less than half of the due amount of time shall be held anew on another date in accordance with the preceding subparagraph. Those having been in progress for over half of the due amount of time shall not be held anew and the scores shall be calculated in accordance with the preceding article.3. If the situation described in the preceding subparagraph takes place during a field test in which examinees are assigned practical task responsible certification administration agency shall make the corresponding decisions.4. When the dates of field tests need to be changed. the appointing invigilators and markers for field tests shall not be restricted by subparagraph 1 to subparagraph 4 of Article 26 paragraph 1.Article 60 　 When written or field tests cannot be conducted due to one of the situations described in the preceding article and the test needs to be held on another date the test shall be redesigned except if The Central Competent Authority rules out the possibility of leakage.Article 61 　 Test administrators who have cut, smeared or damaged answer sheets (cards) as a result of negligence shall make the indication on the test site record.Article 62 　 If the answer sheets (card) with the examinee’s answers is lost or damaged before the score is registered and the result is therefore impossible to calculate, the responsible certification administration agency shall present handling suggestions to The Central Competent Authority for approval.Chapter XSupplementary ProvisionsArticle 63 　 The Central Competent Authority shall determine the formats of the documents specified in these Regulations.Article 64 　 These Regulations shall enter into force on the day of promulgation.
