Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Paragraph 5, Article 8 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the Act). Article 2
Products that are mentioned in Paragraph 3, Article 8 of the Act as having special structural specifications shall mean those of which the specifications are different from normal specifications in terms of the structure, performance, design, engineering methods, technology, materials of safeguard devices or the performance of other safety mechanisms, which lead to difficulties in certification. Article 3
The obligatory applicant shall apply to the central competent authority for approval by submitting product safety assessment reports and other related documents if he intends to use other appropriate methods to inspect products with special structural specifications.The product safety assessment report and other related documents shall include the followings:1. Basic information of the product: including product catalog, product name, illustrations of the appearance of the product, product classification code, etc.2. Safety assessment documents: including the adoption of risk assessment methods widely used by international communities, completion of safety assessment, risk analyses or risk evaluation of the product, and recommended practices for responding to hazards, all of which shall be compiled in a document.3. Recommended inspection methods for the product and implementing procedures for type certification decided with the central competent authority, as well as explanations for deviations from the safety standards.4. Valid certificates issued by domestic or foreign third-party certification bodies against the recommended inspection methods.5. Other conformity assessment procedure documents or technical files as deemed necessary by the central competent authority. Article 4
The central competent authority may invite experts to provide comments when reviewing the applications mentioned in the preceding Article or commission professional groups to process the review of such applications. It may also inform the obligatory applicant to explain in person.The central competent authority shall inform the applicant in written of reasons of disapproval if the application does not pass the review mentioned in the preceding paragraph. Article 5
Where approval is granted to the use of appropriate inspection methods for certification, the type certification of products with the same type may be conducted accordingly without having to make another application.For products that are granted to use appropriate inspection methods as mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the obligatory applicant shall follow the required procedures as soon as related implementing procedures for type certification and safety standards are announced by the central competent authority. The appropriate inspection methods mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall no longer be used. Article 6
Where the approval of appropriate inspection methods is obtained by fraudulent, deceptive or other inappropriate means, the central competent authority shall recall related product certificates and withdraw the certification labels. Where criminal charges are involved, the cases shall be forwarded to judicial organizations for processing Article 7
The forms of documents mentioned in these Regulations shall be prescribed by the central competent authority. Article 8
These Regulations shall take effect on January 1, 2015. 
