Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Paragraph 4 of Article 7 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the Act). Article 2
Machinery, equipment or tools (hereinafter referred to as the products) specified in Paragraph 1 of Article 7 as designated by the central competent authority shall be exempted from registration under any of the following circumstances:1. Where they are subject to requirements for inspection, certification, approval or management in accordance with other laws or acts;2. Where they are used for national defense or military purpose, and supported by documents issued by the Ministry of Defense or its directly subordinate agencies;3. Where they are specialized model manufactured in limited amount or imported for purpose of scientific research or testing, provided that approval is granted by the central competent authority;4. Where they are commercial samples or exhibition articles not intended for use or operation, provided that approval is granted by the central competent authority;5. Where they are imported for purpose of re-exported with or without further processing or assembly, provided that approval is granted by the central competent authority; or6. Other special circumstances where exempted from registration is necessary, provided that approval is granted by the central competent authority. Article 3
Where a manufacture or an importer (hereinafter referred to as the applicant) considers that the products, mentioned in the preceding Article, manufactured, produced, processed or modified (hereinafter referred to as manufactured) domestically or imported from foreign countries comply with safety standards specified by the central competent authority in terms of their structure, performance and safeguards, they shall register the safety information of these products at the Information Reporting Website (hereinafter referred to as the Information Website) specified by the central competent authority and complete self declaration (hereinafter referred to as safety-declared products). Article 4
The applicant that declares compliance of its products with safety standards in accordance with Paragraph 3, Article 7 of the Act shall take any one of the following approaches to demonstrating compliance by transmitting related test reports through the Internet and maintaining them for checks.1. To obtain type verification from verification bodies recognized by the central competent authority;2. To obtain certification from product certification bodies accredited by domestic or foreign accreditation bodies; or3. To complete self-inspection and self-check of production consistency to ensure compliance with the safety standards.For luminaires, motors and switch boxes used in explosive atmosphere, power press or shearing machinery, woodworking circular saws and grinding machinery the approach to demonstrating compliance will be limited to subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph.The following requirements shall apply if the approach stated in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1 is taken:1. Self-inspection shall be performed by testing laboratories accredited by accreditation bodies,2. Self-check of production consistency shall be performed by bodies accredited by accreditation bodies; and3. The qualification of testing personnel of testing laboratories shall comply with criteria specified in Attaching table 1.For registration of a single article, the self-check of production consistency is waived if the approach of Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1 is taken. Table 1.doc 
