Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are drawn upon in accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 34 and Paragraph 2 of Article 40 of the Employment Services Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act).Article 2　 The private employment services institution prescribed in the Act is classified for the purpose of establishment as the profit employment services institution and the non-profit employment services institution, and which respectively means:1. The profit employment services institution: company established under the Company Act or business entity established under the Business Entity Registration Act that are being or intended to be engaged in business activities of employment services.2. The non-profit employment services institution: corporate body established under related acts, civilian organization based on the purposes of public interests, or other organization based on purposes excluding for profit that are being or intended to be engaged in business activities of employment services.Article 3　 The other employment service matters designated by the central competent authorities in Article 35, Section 1, and paragraph 4 of the Act are as follows:I. Commissioned by the employers to arrange the recruitment of foreigners, immigration, employment renewal and recruitment licenses, work permits, employment permits, employment permit extensions, vacancy replacement, change of employers, conversion of work, change of employment permit matters, and notifying and reporting foreigner’s left without permission and contract loss for three consecutive days.II. Commissioned by the employers or foreigners to take care of the foreigner’s living arrangement in the territory of the Republic of China, arrange their entry and departure and health checkups, and report their health examination results to the competent health authorities, including consulting, counseling, and translation.Article 4　 The private employment services institution when collecting fees shall issue receipts and keep counterfoils of the receipts.The placement fee shall be collected only after the date of employment contract validity.Any incidents or events attributed to the job seeker occur within forty days since the date of employment contract validity, and lead to the termination of employment contract, the employer concerned may demand the private employment services institution to re-refer once with no charge or refund fifty percent of previously paid placement fee.Any incidents or events attributed to the employer occur within forty days since the date of employment contract validity, and lead to the termination of employment contract, the job seeker concerned may demand the private employment services institution to re-refer once with no charge or refund fifty percent of previously paid placement fee.Either a job seeker or an employer who has paid the registration fee may demand the private employment services institution to make referral three times within six months, unless the employment contract is in validity or the period of recruitment is terminated after referral.Article 5　 The Employment Services Professional Personnel prescribed in Article 36 of the Act shall possess one of the following qualifications：1. The person has obtained a test passing evidence issued by the Central Competent Authority and obtained the certificate of Employment Services Professional Personnel.2. The person has qualified for Skills Certificate of Employment Services Occupation, obtained a Technician Certificate issued by the Central Competent Authority and obtained the certificate of Employment Services Professional Personnel.The person who participate the certification of Technician Certificate of Employment Services Occupation shall possess qualifications of being a graduate of domestic or foreign Senior High/Vocational School or above that are registered or recognized by the Department of Education or having the qualification of equivalent intellectual capacity and scholastic achievements.Article 5-1　 Employment Services Professional Personnel is restricted to obtain one (1) certificate of Employment Services Professional Personnel.Employment Services Professional Personnel whose certificate has been abolished in accordance with Article 71 of the Act shall not apply for issuing certificate within two years since the date of abolishment.Those persons who have obtained a valid certificate of Employment Services Professional Personnel after the amendment of these Regulations on Jan. 13, 2004, their certificates shall be replaced by the Central Competent Authority.Article 6　 The number of Employment Services Professional Personnel prescribed in Article 36 of the Act denotes the following:1. The private employment services institution with no more than five employees shall be staffed by at least one (1) Employment Services Professional Personnel.2. The private employment services institution with more than six employees but less than ten shall be staffed by at least two (2) Employment Services Professional Personnel.3. The private employment services institution with more than ten employees shall be staffed by at least three (3) Employment Services Professional Personnel, and one (1) additional Employment Services Professional Personnel shall be staffed for every ten employees counted from the eleventh person.The Employment Services Professional Personnel staffed by private employment services institutions or their branches in accordance with the provisions prescribed in the previous Paragraph, who have been counted as Employment Services Professional Personnel of other private employment services institutions or their branches, shall not be counted as the number of Employment Services Professional Personnel denoted in the previous Paragraph, nor shall they conduct the duties prescribed in Subparagraph 4 in Paragraph 1 of Article 7.Article 7　 Employment Services Professional Personnel shall perform the following duties:1. Manage and analyze occupational attitude.2. Assist to confirm employment consultation of career development plans.3. To examine each application document relating to business activities of employment services undertaken by the private employment services institution at which the person works.4. To endorse in accordance with regulations on each employer-related application document or form.Employment Services Professional Personnel shall duly and sincerely perform the duties prescribed in previous Paragraph.Article 8　 Documents and information prescribed in Article 39 of the Act include the following:1. List of employees: The information on each employee’s name, number of National Identification Card, sex, address, telephone number and arrival and/or resignation date, etc., shall be recorded.2. Counterfoil of all kinds of fee’s receipt, including counterfoils of receipts prescribed in Paragraph 1 of Article 4.3. Accounting books.4. Job-seeking registration and recruitment registration forms: The information on job seeker or employer’s designation, address, telephone number, registration date and job-seeking or recruitment terms and conditions, etc., shall be recorded.5. Job-seeking and recruitment situation tables.6. Written contracts with employer and job seeker.7. When matchmaking (helping? See Article 11) foreign persons to conduct the works referred to in Subparagraphs 8 to 11 in Paragraph 1, Article 46 of the Act, those foreign persons’ report records and those foreign persons’ fee charge of entering the Republic of China to work and wage affidavits.8. Other documents and information required by the competent authorities.Documents and information prescribed in previous Paragraph shall be retained for five years.Article 9　 The private employment services institution when accepting job-seeking registration or making referral shall not be engaged in the following activities:1. To refer a child worker of more than fifteen but less than sixteen years of age to do heavy and hazardous work.2. To accept job-seeking registration of or refer a person below fifteen years of age, unless the person concerned is a graduate of junior high school or by nature and circumstances the work in confirmed by the competent authorities to be such that it will do no harm to the person’s physical and mental health.3. To refer a person less than sixteen years of age and with no consent letter and age certificate from his/her guardian.Article 10 　 The private employment services institution unless permitted shall not establish branch(s) in any forms to carry on business activities of employment services.Chapter II Permission and Alteration of Private Employment Services InstitutionArticle 11 　 The for-profit employment services institution engaged in helping recruit domestic persons to work domestically shall have five hundred thousand New Taiwan dollars as minimal amount of net-receipt capital, and add up additional two hundred thousand New Taiwan dollars to the amount of capital when establishing each branch unless its original amount of net-receipt capital is equal to the amount of net-receipt capital required for establishing branch(s).The for-profit employment services institution engaged in helping recruit foreign persons to work in the Republic of China, or helping in accordance with regulations residents in Hong Kong or Macao or persons from the Mainland China to work in Taiwan area or domestic persons to work outside Taiwan area shall have five million New Taiwan dollars as minimal amount of net-receipt capital, and add up additional two million New Taiwan dollars to the amount of capital when establishing each branch office unless its original amount of net-receipt capital is equal to the amount of net-receipt capital required for establishing branch(s).The non-profit employment services institution engaged in helping recruit foreign persons to work in the Republic of China, or helping in accordance with regulations residents in Hong Kong or Macao or persons from the Mainland China to work in Taiwan area or domestic persons to work outside Taiwan area shall be limited to the following:1. A national legal person registered to the competent authorities under related acts and established for more than two years, but civilian organization pursuing for public interests shall be craft organization or social organization.2. A national organization has within two years before the date of application been rewarded by the competent authorities or the competent authorities for business objectives or had concrete accomplishments in a way of promoting public interests of the society, employer-employee harmony, or stabilizing social order, etc.Article 12 　 Prior to establishing a private employment services institution and its branch(s), the applicant concerned shall apply for permission from the competent authorities in which the private employment services institution is intended to be located, but establishing a private employment services institution for helping recruit foreign persons to work in the Republic of China, or helping in accordance with regulations residents in Hong Kong or Macao or persons from the Mainland China to work in Taiwan area or domestic persons to work outside Taiwan area, the applicant concerned shall apply for permission from the central competent authorities.When applying for the establishment of a employment services institution and its branch(s), the applicant concerned shall prepare the following documents to apply for the preparatory permission:1. Application form.2. Juristic person’s organization charters or partnership contract.3. Business plan or business execution plan.4. Schedule of fee-charging items and amounts.5. Supporting document of amount of net-receipt capital, unless it is a non-profit employment services institution.6. Other documents required by the competent authorities.The competent authorities may as if necessary demand the applicant concerned to present original copies of documents prescribed in previous Paragraph for the purpose of examination.Those obtained a preparatory permission issued by the Central Competent Authority engage in helping recruit foreign persons to work in the Republic of China, or helping in accordance with regulations residents in Hong Kong or Macao or persons from the Mainland China to work in Taiwan area or domestic persons to work outside Taiwan area shall notify the local competent authorities to conduct inspection before they apply for establishment permission.The inspection items referred to in the previous Paragraph shall be publicly announced by the Central Competent Authority.Article 13 　 Upon receiving the preparatory permission to establish a private employment services institution and its branch(s), the applicant concerned shall within three months since the granted date of preparatory permission register the institution under related acts and prepare the following documents to apply for the establishment permission and license from the competent authorities:1. Application form.2. List of employees.3. Photocopies of person with employment services specialty certificate and National Identification Card.4. Photocopy of company registration, business registration certificate or organization-accredited certificate.5. Original copy of bank-issued guaranty letter of security, unless it is a branch, a non-profit employment services institution or a profit employment services institution engaged in helping recruit domestic persons to work domestically.6. Evidence document of genuinely preparatory facts after the local competent authorities have conducted inspection in accordance with regulations referred to in Paragraph 4 of Article 12.7. Other documents required by the competent authorities.The competent authorities may as if necessary demand applicant(s) to present original copies of documents prescribed in previous Paragraph for the purpose of examination.Applicant(s) unable to apply during the period prescribed in Paragraph 1 shall apply in writing for extension from the competent authorities; the period of extension shall be two months in maximum, and the number of times in application for extension shall not exceed once.Only when an employment services institution has obtained the license after examination and consideration, the permission prescribed in Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 of Article 34 is completed.The private employment services institution permitted by the central competent authorities may undertake the business activities of employment services in helping recruit domestic persons to work domesticallyArticle 13-1　 The competent authorities may by themselves or consign to related institutions (institutes) or organization to conduct evaluation of private employment services institutions, the grades of evaluation include three ranks of A, B and C.The conducting methods, ranks, standards and methods to praise in public for excellent of the evaluation referred in previous Paragraph shall be publicly announced by the competent authorities.Article 14 　 The for-profit private employment services institution engaged in helping recruit foreign persons to work in the Republic of China, or helping in accordance with regulations residents in Hong Kong or Macao or persons from the Mainland China to work in Taiwan area or domestic persons to work outside Taiwan area shall in accordance with Subparagraph 5 of Paragraph 1 of Article 13 submit a bank-issued guaranty letter of security of three million New Taiwan dollars as a guaranty for civil liability.The for-profit private employment services institution prescribed in previous Paragraph has not been claimed as being liable for any guaranty during the period of license validity and been ranked as grade A in the most recent evaluation, the amount of one million New Taiwan dollars can be deducted form its security each time when a new license is changed and issued; but the amount of security shall not be less than one million New Taiwan dollars after deduction each time.The for-profit private employment services institution prescribed in Paragraph 1 and Paragraph 2 has been claimed as being liable for any guaranty, and after the security being paid for the guaranty liability if the remaining sum of security is deficient from the legal amount of security, the institution shall make up the deficit within one month since the date of deficiency; the amount of security will be resumed to three million New Taiwan dollars at the date of new license being changed and issued. The central competent authority will abolish the establishment permission of the institution provided that the deficit is not made up.The guaranty liability of bank-issued guaranty letter of security submitted by the for-profit private employment services institution will be annulled after one year since the date that the institution comes to an end of its business and turn its license, or revoke its license, or its establishment permission has being abolished.Article 15 　 The competent authorities shall have the preliminary permits,establishment permit, and/or re- establishment permit applied for by the private employment service agency denied when it falls in one of the following circumstances:I. Fails to comply with the application requirements of the Law or the this Act;II. The institution of the heads, managers, directors (management), or representative of the institution have contravened Article 34 Section 2 or Article 45 of the Act with a punishment of fines or indictment issued by the prosecution; or a guilty verdict delivered by the court;III. The heads, managers, directors (management), or representative of the institution had once served in a private employment service agency and their conduct resulted in the institution having one of the following circumstances:(I) in violation of Subparagraphs 4 to 9, Paragraph 1 of Article 40 or Article 45 of the Act;(II) in violation of Subparagraphs 2 or 14, Paragraph 1 of Article 40 of the Act; also, failed to perform corrective action before deadline;(III) A nonconformity that was fined three times but wasn’t improved;(IV) Punished with a fine more than four times in one year;(V) Punished with a suspension more than two times in one year;IV. The heads, managers, directors (management), or representative of the institution engaged in employment services business committed a crime by utilizing the business power, opportunity, or method against the job applicants, employers, or foreigners in violation of Criminal Law Article 221~229, Article 231~233, Article 296~297, Article 302, Article 304, Article 305, Article 335, Article 336, Article 339, Article 341, Article 342, or Article 346 and were been indicted by the prosecution or found guilty by the court.V. The heads, managers, directors (management), or representative of the institution engaged in the employment services business that have committed a crime of human trafficking in violation of Human Trafficking Act and indicted by the prosecution or found guilty by the court.VI. Nonprofit employment service agencies that have been punished for committing prejudice to public interest with a fine, suspension, or a corrective action before deadline by the governing authorities or competent authorities.VII. The corporate address or business address for business operation applied for by the profit employment service agency is a private employment service agency already set up.VIII. The institution address for business operation applied for by the non-profit employment service agency is a private employment service agency already set up.IX. An agency with an evaluation rating of “C” has failed to perform the corrective actions before deadline or the evaluation rating of the corrective actions performed is below “B”;X. Agencies that applied for the setup of branches did not receive any evaluation and without any evaluation rating or the most recent evaluation rating was “C”.XI. Agencies evade, obstruct, or refuse to accept an evaluation.XII. Commissioned to apply for work permit; the number and ratio of mission foreigners in the country within three months reaches the standards stipulated in Table 1.The violations against paragraph 2~6 and paragraph 12 are limited to the occurrence within two years from the application date.The permit issued by the competent municipal or county (city) authorities is not subject to Section 1 Paragraph 9 and 12.Attachment 1.pdf
