Article 1
The Regulations are prescribed in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 15 of the Act for Worker Protection of Mass Redundancy (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
To grasp the fluctuation trend of labor market, the Ministry of Labor (hereinafter referred to as the MOL) shall establish the Committee on Assessment of Fluctuation Trend of Labor Market (hereinafter referred to as the Committee) consisting of 13 members. The chair of the Committee shall be concurrently assumed by the political deputy minister of the MOL and the remaining members shall be appointed or recruited by the MOL as follows: 1.Three representatives from the MOL2.One representative from the National Development Council.3.One representative from the Directorate-General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics.4.One representative from the Ministry of Finance5.One representative from the Ministry of Economic Affairs.6.Five specialists and scholars Article 3
The term of service of members of the Committee shall be 2-year each term and may be reappointed when the term expires. Article 4
The tasksof the Committee are as follows:1.To collect information related to business entities that have initiated mass redundancy plans.2.To analyze the causes of mass redundancies implemented by business entities.3.To assess and analyze the information concerning the early warning notice.4.To study and propose suggestions concerning labor or employment policies. Article 5
The MOL shall every quarter provide the members of the Committee with data and information concerning labor situations and the early warning notices referred to Article 11 of the Act for assessment and analysis. Article 6
The chair of the Committee shall convene a meeting every six months in principle and ad hoc meetings may be convened when necessary. The Committee may invite the MOL or the local competent authority to send personnel to attend meetings and provide information concerned. Article 7
The meetings of the Committee shall require the attendance of more than one half of the members and decisions achieved shall require the consent of more than one half of the attending members. Article 8
The Committee shall have an executive secretary appointed by the MOL, and the operating personnel required shall be designated among the staffs of the MOL. Article 9
With regard to the relevant information or research reports known by the members of the Committee in performing their tasks, the members shall keep them in confidence and not disclose them prior to the release by the MOL. Article 10
The members of the Committee are positions without remuneration but the specialists and scholars may be issued meeting attendance fees. Article 11
The MOL shall provide budget for the expenses of the Committee. Article 12
The Regulations shall become effective since the date of promulgation. 
