Article 1
These Regulations are drawn up in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 4 and Article 9 Paragraph 3 of the Labor Occupational Injury and Disease Protection Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act) Article 2
When claiming living allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 1 of the Act, workers should conform to terms as follows:1. Workers who suffered from occupational diseases claim the occupational injury and disease benefits for labor insurance to come to an end or disability benefits.2. Workers lose partial or whole working abilities that diagnosed by doctor; disability conditions conform to stipulated items of categories 1 to 15 for the disability payment schedule for labor insurance. Article 3
When claiming living allowances for physical impairment in accordance with subparagraph 2, paragraph 1, article 8 of the Act, workers should conform to the terms set as follows:1. Workers suffering from occupational injuries or diseases may claim the expiry benefits, or occupational disability benefits of labor insurance.2. Workers lose partial or whole working abilities and have physical residual impairment as diagnosed by a doctor; and the disability conforms to the stipulated grades 1 to 7 of the disability payment standards of labor insurance. Article 4
When claiming Living Allowance for vocational training in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 3 of the Act, workers should conform to the terms as follows:1. Workers lose partial working abilities diagnosed by doctor because of occupational injuries or diseases, physical residual impairment; they conform to stipulated items of categories 2 to 15 for the disability payment schedule for labor insurance.2. Workers participate in various job trainings of training institutions that are sponsored, entrusted by government institutions or registered by Government. Total training hours are more over 100 hours every month.3. According to the stipulation of last two items, workers do not receive other training allowances or living allowances during the training period. Article 5
When claiming device allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 4 of the Act, workers should conform to terms as follows:1. Due to occupational injuries and diseases, workers got physical residual impairment; after doctor diagnosed or other professionals assessed, they have to use assisting device.2. Workers do not receive device allowances for the same assistance equipments under stipulations of other Acts. Article 6
When claiming nursing allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 5 of the Act, workers should conform to terms as follows:1. Due to occupational injuries or diseases diagnosed by doctor, workers cannot do their jobs lifelong; and they usually need medical care and a person specially assigned for thoroughly considered to serve as guardian for; or need someone's help of necessary every day life activities for maintaining their lives.2. Workers' syndromes conforms to stipulations of spirit or nerve impairment series, chest and abdomen internal organs impairment series, and the impairment standard degree 1 and 2 of sweat function loss of bodily dermas for the disability payment schedule for labor insurance.3. Workers do not receive related allowances under stipulations of other Acts Article 7
When claiming survivors' allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 6 of the Act, workers should conform to terms as follows:1. Worker died of occupational accident, and left his/her raised and supported spouse, children or parents after he/she died.2. Worker died of occupational accident so that his/her family life fell in a financial dilemma. Article 8
When claiming living allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 1 and 2 of the Act, workers can choose to claim alternatively. Article 9
When claiming living allowances in accordance with Article 8 Paragraph 2 of the Act, workers should conform to terms as follows:1. Where it is confirmed after an insured person retires and withdraws the insurance that he/she got a kind of occupational disease diagnosed by doctor during the valid period of the insurance.2. Workers got physical residual impairment diagnosed by doctor, and they cannot keep going to work.3. Workers do not claim disability benefits with the same disease. Article 10
Article VIII of this Law, the third set total maximum of five years, calculated as follows:1. according to the second, third, and the preceding article of living allowance paid monthly, for a total six months.2. in accordance with Article VI of the grants issued, totaling six months.Article IX of this Law to the second set total maximum of three years, calculated as follows:1. in accordance with the provisions of the second and third issue of a monthly living allowance, the total thirty six months.2. in accordance with Article VI of the grants issued, totaling thirty six months. Article 11
The allowance standard of living allowance stipulated in accordance with subparagraph 1, paragraph 1, article 8 of the Act is as follows:1. If workers' disability conditions conform to grade 1 to 3 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose whole working abilities, the Occupational Safety and Helath Administration, Ministry of Labor (hereinafter reffered to as “OSHA”) will distribute NT＄8, 200 every month to each one of them2. If workers' disability conditions conform to grade 2 to 7, or the combined upgraded condition is equal to grade 1 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose partial working abilities, the OSHA will distribute NT＄5, 850 every month to each one of them.3. If workers' disability conditions conform to grade 8 to 10 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose partial working abilities, the OSHA will distribute NT＄2, 950 every month to each one of them4. If workers' occupational diseases have yet to cause disabilities, or their disability conditions conform to grade 11 to 15 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose partial working abilities, the OSHA will distribute NT＄1, 800 every month to each one of themWhen claiming the former allowance, workers should prepare documents as follows:1. Occupational disease living allowance application form2. Labor Insurance Disability diagnosis report.3. The front cover copy of the applicant's account book of a post office or banking institution4. If workers have done a medical image inspection, please attach the inspection report and the image photograph. Article 12
The payment standard of living allowance for physical impairment stipulated in accordance with subparagraph 2, paragraph 1, article 8 of the Act is as follows1. If workers' disability conditions conform to grade 1 to 3 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose whole working abilities, the OSHA will distribute NT＄8, 200 every month each one of them2. If workers' disability conditions conform to grade 2 to 7, or the combined upgraded condition is equal to grade 1 in the disability payment standard of labor insurance and lose partial working abilities, the OSHA will distribute NT＄5, 850 every month each one of them.When claiming the former allowance, workers should prepare documents as follows:1. Physical impairment living allowance application form.2. Labor Insurance ability diagnosis report.3. The front cover copy of the applicant's account book of a post office or banking institution.4. If workers have done a medical image inspection, please attach the inspection report and the image photograph. Article 13
NT4,050 per month is to be distributed as the living allowance as regulated in subparagraph 3 of paragraph 1 of article 8 of the regulations during the training period.Applicants will receive the former living allowance for vocational training within 5 years since the beginning day that they participated in training, amounting to no more than the limit of 24 months. TheOSHA will discontinue distributing this allowance after the end of the 5th year.When claiming the first allowance, workers should prepare documents as follows:1. Vocational training Living allowance application form which shall be certificated by vocational training institutions.2. The front cover copy of the applicant's account book of a post office or banking institution3. Diagnosis report of occupational diseases or related certificates of occupational accidents.4. Labor Insurance Disability diagnosis report.5. Workers should attach a statement to indicate that they do not claim other training allowances or living allowances stipulated in accordance with subparagraph 1 and 1, paragraph 1, article 8 of the Act.Workers will receive the living allowance for vocational training since the day of receiving training. If workers leave their jobs in the midway or are rejected by training units, training units should notify the OSHA immediately to discontinue distributing the allowance. Article 14
Device allowances stipulated in accordance with Subparagraph 4, Paragraph 1, article 8 of the Act, the classification of assistive devices, the amount of allowances, use years and subsidized persons are listed as the attached table.When claiming the former allowance, workers should prepare documents as follows:1. Device allowance application form.2. Documents issued by the doctors of the professional disabled medical institutions for those who require living assistive devices or rehabilitation assistive device, or evaluation certificates issued by other professionals for those who have to use the employment-assistive device.3. The original uniform invoice or receipt for the purchase of the equipment within 6 months since the issuing date of the foregoing documentation or the date specifying the need to use the assistive equipment.4. The front cover copy of the applicant's account book of a post office or banking institution .5. Workers should attach a statement to indicate that they do not claim this device allowance stipulated under stipulations of other Acts.When workers want to claim the device stipulated by the former Subparagraph 2, if necessary, the OSHA has to make a decision after professionals give verification. Schedule.doc 
