Article 1
The Standards are prescribed in accordance with Paragraph 3 to Article 46 of the Act for Settlement of Labor-Management Disputes (here-in-after referred to as the Act). Article 2
When a member of the Board attends a meeting for preliminary review of case(s), he/she shall be paid N.T.$ 2,000 for each meeting. Article 3
When a member of the Board conducts a fact-finding procedure, he/she shall be paid N.T.$ 2,000 per half day and shall be paid no more than N.T.$ 8,000 for each case. Article 4
When a member of the Board conducts interviewing and finding in accordance with Paragraph 2 to Article 44 of the Act and if the place of interviewing and finding is within the parameter of thirty kilo-meters, he/she may be paid the transportation fees by referring to the Directions on the Application snd Payments of Travel Grants in Domestic Areas. If the place is outside the parameter of thirty kilo-meters, he/she may be paid the necessary fees by taking into account of actual situations in accordance with the standard of senior-ranking officials prescribed in the foresaid Directions. Article 5
A board member assigned to conduct a fact-finding shall in person write the fact-finding report and shall be paid, and the payment for the writing is calculated on the basis of N.T.$ 850 for one thousand Chinese characters.A board member shall in person write the suggestions for a decision and and shall be paid, and the payment for the writing is calculated on the basis of N.T.$ 1,210 for one thousand Chinese characters.　The total payment for writing a fact-finding report and the suggestions for a decision of each case shall be no more than N.T.$ 20,000, and the borad member shall write the decision award in accordance with the decision of the Board.The board may, if necessary, assign a member to write the decision award referred to in the preceding paragraph, and the payment for the writing is N.T.$ 2,000 each case. Article 6
When a board member attends the Board meeting, he/she shall be paid N.T.$ 2,000 for each meeting. Article 7
The Chair of the Board shall be paid N.T.$ 8,000 per month on a part-time basis for assigning cases and handling all related businesses. Article 8
The expenditures prescribed in the Standards shall be paid by the Central Competent Authority from its budget. Article 9
The Standards shall become effective on May 1, 2011.The amended Article(s) shall become effective on the day it(they) released. 
