Article 1
These Standards are drawn upon in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 81 of the Employment Services Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Fee-charging items of these Standards shall be defined as follows:1. Registration fee: Expense required for undertaking job-seeking or recruitment registration.2. Placement fee: Expense required for matchmaking job seeker and employer to conclude employment relations.3. Vocational psychology-testing fee: Expense required for evaluating vocational ability of job seeker.4. Employment counseling fee: Expense required for helping job seeker understand his/her personality characteristics of employment, and formulating his/her direction of employment.5. Services fee: Expenses required for undertaking employment services matters designated by the central competent authority in accordance with Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 35 of the Act, and transportation costs for receiving and sending off foreign person(s) are included. Article 3
The profit employment services institution when being entrusted by employer to undertake business activities of employment services may charge employer fees, of which the items and amounts are as follows:1. Registration fee and placement fee:a. The first month salary of the employee recruited is less than the average salary;both fees in total shall not exceed his/her first month salary.b. The first month salary of the employee recruited is more than the average salary; both fees in total shall not exceed his/her four-month salary.2. Services fee: No more than two thousand New Taiwan dollars for each employee per annum.The average salary prescribed in Subparagraph 1 of previous Paragraph denotes the average salary per month of workers in both industry and service sector in the newest edition of earnings by industry and occupation statistics publicly announced by the central competent authority. Article 4
The profit employment services institution when being entrusted by domestic job seeker to undertake business activities of employment services may charge domestic job seeker fees, of which the items and amounts are as follows:1. Registration fee and placement fee: Both fees in total shall not exceed five percent of job seeker's first month salary.2. Employment counseling fee: No more than one thousand New Taiwan dollars per hour.3. Vocational psychology-testing fee: Each test shall not be charged more than seven hundred New Taiwan dollars. Article 5
The profit employment services institution when being entrusted by foreign person to undertake business activities of employment services relating to work prescribed in Subparagraph 1 to Subparagraph 7 or Subparagraph 11 of Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act may charge foreign person fees, of which the items and amounts are as follows:1. Registration fee and placement fee: Both fees in total shall not exceed the first month salary of foreign person, unless it is agreed by the foreign person that the conditions of recruitment are special.2. Services fee: No more than two thousand New Taiwan dollars per year. Article 6
The profit employment services institution is allowed to charge service fees from a foreigner when the foreigner delegates the agency to seek for employment vacancies regulated in Subparagraph 8 to 10, Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act.The amount of the service fee in the previous paragraph should not be over NT,800 for each month in the first year, NT,700 for each month in the second year and should be not be over NT,500 for each month in the third year. However, the fee should not be over NT,500 for each moth if the employee has been hired for over two years, or the employee has to leave the county and make re-entry due to the termination of employment or the expiration of employment duration and is hired again by the same employer.The fee in the previous paragraph should not be charged in advance. Article 7
The non-profit employment services institution when being entrusted to undertake business activities of employment services may charge employer, domestic job seeker or foreign person fees, of which the items apply to the provisions of Paragraph 3 to Paragraph 6 and the amounts shall not exceed eighty percent of the amounts prescribed in Paragraph 3 to Paragraph 6. Article 8
These Standards shall be put into practice on the date of promulgation. 
