Article 1
This Act is enacted pursuant to Article 23 of the Organic Act of Council of Labor Affairs, Executive Yuan. Article 2
The Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (hereinafter refer to as the Institute) of Council of Labor Affairs, Executive Yuan is charged with the following matters:1. Testing and research on occupational safety technologies in the fields of machinery, electrical apparatus, construction, and chemistry.2. Survey and research on physical, chemical, biological, and other factors that pose a danger to the health of workers.3. Survey and research on the occupational disease prevention and epidemiology.4. Analysis and examination of specimens from workplaces.5. Research and development of technologies to control and improve the working environment of workplaces.6. Research, specification of use, and calibration of measuring instruments for occupational safety and health.7. Research, functional identification and testing of personal protective equipment for occupational safety and health.8. Other research and consulting services for occupational safety and health. Article 3
The Institute shall set up an Occupational Safety Division, Analysis Methods Division, Occupational Hygiene Division, and Occupational Medicine Division to handle the matters stipulated in the previous article. Article 4
The Institute shall have a Secretariat to carry out documentation, use of the official seal, receiving/disbursing, general affairs, and other matters not related to other divisions and offices. Article 5
The Institute is headed by the Chairperson with grade 11 to 13 of Senior Rank, to supervise overall operations. The Chairperson is assisted by one Vice Chairperson with grade 10 to 12 of Senior Rank. Article 6
The Institute shall have one Chief Secretary with grade 10 of Senior Rank; four Division Directors who serve concurrently as Researchers; twelve to sixteen Researchers with grade 9 of Junior Rank, out of which five may be of grade 10 of Senior Rank; one Office Chief with grade 9 of Junior Rank; eighteen to twenty-two Associate Researchers and one Secretary with grade 8 to 9 of Junior Rank; three Executive Officers with grade 7 to 8 of Junior Rank; sixteen to eighteen Assistant Researchers with grade 5 of Elementary Rank; five to seven officers with grade 4 to 5 of Elementary Rank; out of these, six Assistant Researchers and two officers may have grade 6 to 7 of Junior Rank; and one to three staffers with grade 3 to 4 of Elementary Rank. Article 7
The Institute shall have a Personnel Office, headed by a Chief Personnel Officer with grade 8 to 9 of JuniorRank, to administer personnel management affairs according to law.Personnel to staff the Personnel Office shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 8
The Institute shall have an Accounting Office, headed by a Chief Accounting Officer with grade 8 to 9 of Junior Rank, to administer annual budgeting and accounting, as well as statistics affairs, according to law.Personnel to staff the Accounting Office shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 9
Personnel with titles and official ranks prescribed in Articles 5 through 8 herein shall be qualified in accordance with the Civil Service Employment Act. The classification of titles of personnel shall be determined in accordance with applicable title classifications provided in Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act. Article 10
In order to fulfill the requirements of administrative operation, the Institute may establish an Exhibitions Division, headed by a Director who concurrently holds the pose of Researcher. Staff members needed shall be assigned within the personnel quota stipulated herein. Article 11
Reinforcement Rules of the Institute to be shall be formulated by the Institute and submitted to the Council of Labor Affairs for approval. Article 12
This Act will come into effect on the date of promulgation. 
