Chapter IGeneral ProvisionsArticle 1　 The Standards are set up in accordance with the stipulations of Paragraph 2 to Article 46 and Paragraph 7 to Article 52 of the Employment Service Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act).Article 2　 To be employed for the job specified in Items 8 to 11, Paragraph 1 to Article 46 of the Act, the qualifications of the said foreigners have to be complied with the Standards stipulated herein.Article 3　 For foreigners hired to perform the jobs referred to in Items 8 and 9, Paragraph 1 to Article 46 of the Act, their job descriptions shall be in the following categories:1.Ocean fishing work: crews on boat, cage culture staff and other labor workers excluding the captain, second mate, chief engineer, engineer and engineering members, telecommunication staff and power boat driver and aides,2.Housemaid jobs: performing house cleaning, food cooking, taking care of daily lives of members of households, or other related household service tasks..3.Institutional nursing jobs: taking care of daily lives for accepted disabled persons or patients in the institutions or hospitals stipulated by Article 20 of the Standards.4.Family nursing job: taking care of daily lives for disabled persons or patients in households.5.Outreach nursing jobs: Assigned by employers to the families at the location prescribed by the outreach nursing contract to take care of daily lives of physically and mentally disable persons or patients.Article 4　 The jobs designated by the Central Competent Authority in accordance with Item 10, Paragraph 1 to Article 46 of the Act, their job descriptions shall be in the following categories:1.Manufacturing jobs: directly engaged in the production of manufactured goods and other related physical tasks.2.Construction jobs: directly engaged in the construction work at construction sites or other related places, or other related physical tasks.3.Slaughter work: Slaughter and related physical work.4.Other jobs designated by the Central Competent authority.Article 5　 The jobs designated by the Central Competent Authority in accordance with Item 10, Paragraph 1 to Article 46 of the Act, their job descriptions shall be in the following categories:1. Bi-lingual translation jobs: performing translation tasks for foreigners hired to perform the jobs referred to in the Standards.2. Cooks and their related jobs: performing food cooking tasks for foreigners hired to perform the jobs referred to in the Standards.3. Other jobs approved by the Central Competent Authority and designated as special projects.Article 6　 Foreigners in the following situations may not be hired to perform the jobs stipulated in the Standards:1. Have been in violation of the stipulation of Article 43 of the Act.2. Have been in violation of Items 1 to 3 of Article 73 of the Act, being absent for three consecutive days and have lost contact, and one of the instances stipulated in Items 5 to 7 of the same Article.3. Have refused to take health examinations or provided false body samples.4. Fail to pass the health examinations.5. Have been hired in Republic of China to perform the jobs referred to in Articles 3 and 4 of the Standards and the accumulated employment duration exceeds the period prescribed in Paragraphs 4 or 6, Article 52 of the Standards. However, this limitation shall not apply to those foreigners who are hired to perform the jobs referred to in the preceding article of the Standards.6. Job specialties do not match the jobs originally applied for.7. Do not possess documents proving good behavior.8. Their age is under sixteen.9. Foreigners have been hired to perform the jobs stipulated in the Standards but have been out of contact for three consecutive days in the following period:(1) When foreigners have not obtained an employment permit for less than three days after entering the country;(2) When the period remaining on the employment permit is less than three days; or(3) When foreigners are under settlement or transfer of employers by the local competent authority or have not left the country according to the law.10. Have been in violation of other employment qualifications stipulated by the Central Competent Authority.Article 7　 Foreigners hired to perform the housemaid tasks referred to in item 2 of Article 3 of the Standards, or the nursing tasks referred to in items 3 to 5 of Article 4 of the Standards shall be over the age of twenty and shall have one of the following qualifications:1. Before entering into the Republic of China, they shall be trained and qualified in the foreign health examination hospitals approved by the Central Competent Health and Welfare Authority of the Republic of China, or designated by their own domestic labor administrations.2. Have been working in the Republic of China and performing the same tasks for over six months.Chapter IIOceanic Fishing JobsArticle 8　 For foreigners hired to perform the oceanic fishing tasks referred to in Item 1 of the Standards, their employers shall have one of the following qualifications1.Owners of fishing boats of more than twenty gross tonnage and have fishery licenses issued by the competent authorities for other purposes or other related competent authorities.2.Owners of motor boats of less than twenty gross tonnage, and have small boat licenses and fishery licenses issued by the competent authorities for other purposes or other related competent authorities.3.Demarcated fishing right holders of cage aquaculture industry who have a license issued by the competent authorities for other purposes or other related competent authorities, or exclusive fishing right holders with a certificate of fishery access for cage aquaculture.Article 9　 The total number of foreign workers hired to perform marine fishing or netting work as referred to in items 1 to 2 of the preceding Article shall include the following and shall be controlled below the number of sailors allowed pursuant to the fishery licenses of that boat:1. The number of initial recruitment of foreign workers;2. The minimum number of sailors allowed for ocean going or the total number of sailors allowed on the said motor boat; and3. The number of foreign workers allowed for recruitment, number of foreign workers granted for recruitment, and number of foreign workers recruited.The minimum number of sailors allowed for ocean going, or the total number of sailors allowed on the said motor boats referred to in the preceding Paragraph, shall be determined by the regulations publicly announced by the competent authorities for other purposes at the central government level and the related stipulations of the Rules Governing the Operations of Small Boats.When the number of domestic sailors staying on the same fishing boat is more than the minimum number of sailors allowed for ocean going, the number of sailors for ocean going shall be recorded.The employment of foreign workers to perform marine fishing or netting work as referred to in item 3 of the preceding Article shall comply with the culture area specified on the fishing right permit or certificate of fishery access, where the employer can hire one foreign worker for every half hectare. However, the number of employed foreign workers shall not exceed two-thirds of the total number of employed domestic workers.The number of domestic employees, described in the former paragraph, is based on the employees insured by the employer one year and two months prior to the insurance registry. If insurance for the workers is not compulsory according to Article 6 of Labor Insurance Regulations, an approved document from the Fishing Authority of municipalities, cities or counties must be submitted as evidence.If the employer engages in cage culture industry with partners, as mentioned in the third paragraph of the former Article and Article 3-1, the partnership should be notarized and the list of partners should be registered by the Fishing Authority of the municipalities, cities or counties. The number of partners can be counted with that of domestic employees as described in the former paragraph.Chapter IIIHousemaid JobsArticle 10 　 For foreigners hired to perform housemaid tasks referred to in Item 2, Article 3 of the Standards, when their employers make initial recruitments, they shall have one of the following qualifications:1. Have multiparous children of triplets and/or above, and under the age of three.2. Have accumulated over sixteen points.For foreigners hired to perform housemaid tasks referred to in Item 2, Article 3 of the Standards, when their employers apply for renewed recruitment or consecutively employment, they shall have one of the following qualifications:1. Have multiparous children of triplets and/or above, and above the age of six.2. Have accumulated over sixteen points.For calculating the points referred to in the preceding Paragraphs 1 and 2, they shall be accumulated pursuant to the attached Table 1 of the ages of children under the age of six, senior direct blood relatives or senior marriage relatives in first degree over the age of seventy-five of the said employers. However, if they do not live with same household registration with the said employers, or have already applied forhousemaids , or have already listed as persons applying for housemaids, their points shall not be listed and counted.Table 1：Accumulated Points Standards.pdf
