[Gideon Becomes Israel's Judge] 1 The Israelites did evil in the Lord 's sight. So the Lord  handed them over to the Midianites for seven years. 2 The Midianites were so cruel that the Israelites made hiding places for themselves in the mountains, caves, and strongholds. 3 Whenever the Israelites planted their crops, marauders from Midian, Amalek, and the people of the east would attack Israel, 4 camping in the land and destroying crops as far away as Gaza. They left the Israelites with nothing to eat, taking all the sheep, goats, cattle, and donkeys. 5 These enemy hordes, coming with their livestock and tents, were as thick as locusts; they arrived on droves of camels too numerous to count. And they stayed until the land was stripped bare. 6 So Israel was reduced to starvation by the Midianites. Then the Israelites cried out to the Lord  for help.7 When they cried out to the Lord  because of Midian, 8 the Lord  sent a prophet to the Israelites. He said, "This is what the Lord , the God of Israel, says: I brought you up out of slavery in Egypt. 9 I rescued you from the Egyptians and from all who oppressed you. I drove out your enemies and gave you their land. 10 I told you, "I am the Lord  your God. You must not worship the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you now live.' But you have not listened to me."11 Then the angel of the Lord  came and sat beneath the great tree at Ophrah, which belonged to Joash of the clan of Abiezer. Gideon son of Joash was threshing wheat at the bottom of a winepress to hide the grain from the Midianites. 12 The angel of the Lord  appeared to him and said, "Mighty hero, the Lord  is with you!"13 "Sir," Gideon replied, "if the Lord  is with us, why has all this happened to us? And where are all the miracles our ancestors told us about? Didn't they say, "The Lord  brought us up out of Egypt'? But now the Lord  has abandoned us and handed us over to the Midianites."14 Then the Lord  turned to him and said, "Go with the strength you have, and rescue Israel from the Midianites. I am sending you!"15 "But Lord," Gideon replied, "how can I rescue Israel? My clan is the weakest in the whole tribe of Manasseh, and I am the least in my entire family!"16 The Lord  said to him, "I will be with you. And you will destroy the Midianites as if you were fighting against one man."17 Gideon replied, "If you are truly going to help me, show me a sign to prove that it is really the Lord  speaking to me. 18 Don't go away until I come back and bring my offering to you." He answered, "I will stay here until you return."19 Gideon hurried home. He cooked a young goat, and with a basket* of flour he baked some bread without yeast. Then, carrying the meat in a basket and the broth in a pot, he brought them out and presented them to the angel, who was under the great tree.20 The angel of God said to him, "Place the meat and the unleavened bread on this rock, and pour the broth over it." And Gideon did as he was told. 21 Then the angel of the Lord  touched the meat and bread with the tip of the staff in his hand, and fire flamed up from the rock and consumed all he had brought. And the angel of the Lord  disappeared.22 When Gideon realized that it was the angel of the Lord , he cried out, "Oh, Sovereign Lord , I'm doomed! I have seen the angel of the Lord  face to face!"23 "It is all right," the Lord  replied. "Do not be afraid. You will not die." 24 And Gideon built an altar to the Lord  there and named it Yahweh-Shalom (which means "the Lord  is peace"). The altar remains in Ophrah in the land of the clan of Abiezer to this day.25 That night the Lord  said to Gideon, "Take the second bull from your father's herd, the one that is seven years old. Pull down your father's altar to Baal, and cut down the Asherah pole standing beside it. 26 Then build an altar to the Lord  your God here on this hilltop sanctuary, laying the stones carefully. Sacrifice the bull as a burnt offering on the altar, using as fuel the wood of the Asherah pole you cut down."27 So Gideon took ten of his servants and did as the Lord  had commanded. But he did it at night because he was afraid of the other members of his father's household and the people of the town.28 Early the next morning, as the people of the town began to stir, someone discovered that the altar of Baal had been broken down and that the Asherah pole beside it had been cut down. In their place a new altar had been built, and on it were the remains of the bull that had been sacrificed. 29 The people said to each other, "Who did this?" And after asking around and making a careful search, they learned that it was Gideon, the son of Joash.30 "Bring out your son," the men of the town demanded of Joash. "He must die for destroying the altar of Baal and for cutting down the Asherah pole."31 But Joash shouted to the mob that confronted him, "Why are you defending Baal? Will you argue his case? Whoever pleads his case will be put to death by morning! If Baal truly is a god, let him defend himself and destroy the one who broke down his altar!" 32 From then on Gideon was called Jerub-baal, which means "Let Baal defend himself," because he broke down Baal's altar. [Gideon Asks for a Sign] 33 Soon afterward the armies of Midian, Amalek, and the people of the east formed an alliance against Israel and crossed the Jordan, camping in the valley of Jezreel. 34 Then the Spirit of the Lord  clothed Gideon with power. He blew a ram's horn as a call to arms, and the men of the clan of Abiezer came to him. 35 He also sent messengers throughout Manasseh, Asher, Zebulun, and Naphtali, summoning their warriors, and all of them responded.36 Then Gideon said to God, "If you are truly going to use me to rescue Israel as you promised, 37 prove it to me in this way. I will put a wool fleece on the threshing floor tonight. If the fleece is wet with dew in the morning but the ground is dry, then I will know that you are going to help me rescue Israel as you promised." 38 And that is just what happened. When Gideon got up early the next morning, he squeezed the fleece and wrung out a whole bowlful of water.39 Then Gideon said to God, "Please don't be angry with me, but let me make one more request. Let me use the fleece for one more test. This time let the fleece remain dry while the ground around it is wet with dew." 40 So that night God did as Gideon asked. The fleece was dry in the morning, but the ground was covered with dew.       Footnotes: 6:19 Hebrew an ephah [20 quarts or 22 liters].  
