[The Birth of Samson] 1 Again the Israelites did evil in the Lord 's sight, so the Lord  handed them over to the Philistines, who oppressed them for forty years.2 In those days a man named Manoah from the tribe of Dan lived in the town of Zorah. His wife was unable to become pregnant, and they had no children. 3 The angel of the Lord  appeared to Manoah's wife and said, "Even though you have been unable to have children, you will soon become pregnant and give birth to a son. 4 So be careful; you must not drink wine or any other alcoholic drink nor eat any forbidden food.[a] 5 You will become pregnant and give birth to a son, and his hair must never be cut. For he will be dedicated to God as a Nazirite from birth. He will begin to rescue Israel from the Philistines."6 The woman ran and told her husband, "A man of God appeared to me! He looked like one of God's angels, terrifying to see. I didn't ask where he was from, and he didn't tell me his name. 7 But he told me, "You will become pregnant and give birth to a son. You must not drink wine or any other alcoholic drink nor eat any forbidden food. For your son will be dedicated to God as a Nazirite from the moment of his birth until the day of his death.'"8 Then Manoah prayed to the Lord , saying, "Lord, please let the man of God come back to us again and give us more instructions about this son who is to be born."9 God answered Manoah's prayer, and the angel of God appeared once again to his wife as she was sitting in the field. But her husband, Manoah, was not with her. 10 So she quickly ran and told her husband, "The man who appeared to me the other day is here again!"11 Manoah ran back with his wife and asked, "Are you the man who spoke to my wife the other day?" "Yes," he replied, "I am."12 So Manoah asked him, "When your words come true, what kind of rules should govern the boy's life and work?"13 The angel of the Lord  replied, "Be sure your wife follows the instructions I gave her. 14 She must not eat grapes or raisins, drink wine or any other alcoholic drink, or eat any forbidden food."15 Then Manoah said to the angel of the Lord , "Please stay here until we can prepare a young goat for you to eat."16 "I will stay," the angel of the Lord  replied, "but I will not eat anything. However, you may prepare a burnt offering as a sacrifice to the Lord ." (Manoah didn't realize it was the angel of the Lord .)17 Then Manoah asked the angel of the Lord , "What is your name? For when all this comes true, we want to honor you."18 "Why do you ask my name?" the angel of the Lord  replied. "It is too wonderful for you to understand."19 Then Manoah took a young goat and a grain offering and offered it on a rock as a sacrifice to the Lord . And as Manoah and his wife watched, the Lord  did an amazing thing. 20 As the flames from the altar shot up toward the sky, the angel of the Lord  ascended in the fire. When Manoah and his wife saw this, they fell with their faces to the ground.21 The angel did not appear again to Manoah and his wife. Manoah finally realized it was the angel of the Lord , 22 and he said to his wife, "We will certainly die, for we have seen God!"23 But his wife said, "If the Lord  were going to kill us, he wouldn't have accepted our burnt offering and grain offering. He wouldn't have appeared to us and told us this wonderful thing and done these miracles."24 When her son was born, she named him Samson. And the Lord  blessed him as he grew up. 25 And the Spirit of the Lord  began to stir him while he lived in Mahaneh-dan, which is located between the towns of Zorah and Eshtaol.       Footnotes:a.   13:4 Hebrew any unclean thing; also in 13:7, 14.  
