1"I am the true vine, and my Father is the gardener.  2He cuts off every branch that doesn't produce fruit, and he prunes the branches that do bear fruit so they will produce even more.  3You have already been pruned for greater fruitfulness by the message I have given you.  4Remain in me, and I will remain in you. For a branch cannot produce fruit if it is severed from the vine, and you cannot be fruitful apart from me.5"Yes, I am the vine; you are the branches. Those who remain in me, and I in them, will produce much fruit. For apart from me you can do nothing.  6Anyone who parts from me is thrown away like a useless branch and withers. Such branches are gathered into a pile to be burned.  7But if you stay joined to me and my words remain in you, you may ask any request you like, and it will be granted!  8My true disciples produce much fruit. This brings great glory to my Father.9"I have loved you even as the Father has loved me. Remain in my love.  10When you obey me, you remain in my love, just as I obey my Father and remain in his love.  11I have told you this so that you will be filled with my joy. Yes, your joy will overflow!  12I command you to love each other in the same way that I love you.  13And here is how to measure it--the greatest love is shown when people lay down their lives for their friends.  14You are my friends if you obey me.  15I no longer call you servants, because a master doesn't confide in his servants. Now you are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me.  16You didn't choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce fruit that will last, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name.  17I command you to love each other.18"When the world hates you, remember it hated me before it hated you.  19The world would love you if you belonged to it, but you don't. I chose you to come out of the world, and so it hates you.  20Do you remember what I told you? `A servant is not greater than the master.' Since they persecuted me, naturally they will persecute you. And if they had listened to me, they would listen to you!  21The people of the world will hate you because you belong to me, for they don't know God who sent me.  22They would not be guilty if I had not come and spoken to them. But now they have no excuse for their sin.  23Anyone who hates me hates my Father, too.  24If I hadn't done such miraculous signs among them that no one else could do, they would not be counted guilty. But as it is, they saw all that I did and yet hated both of us--me and my Father.  25This has fulfilled what the Scriptures said: `They hated me without cause.'[a]26"But I will send you the Counselor[b]--the Spirit of truth. He will come to you from the Father and will tell you all about me.  27And you must also tell others about me because you have been with me from the beginning.