
Days  Of  Elijah  -    以利亞  的  日子    
Days  Of  Elijah  -    yǐ lì yǎ   de   rì zi     
Days  Of  Elijah  -    Elijah   of   day     


Robin Mark 
這  是  以利亞  的  日子  齊  宣揚  我  主  的  話語    
zhè   shì   yǐ lì yǎ   de   rì zi   qí   xuān yáng   wǒ   zhǔ   de   huà yǔ     
this   is   Elijah   of   day   even   To promote   I   master   of   Discourse     
These are the days of Elijah declaring the Word of the Lord

哦  ！  這  是  祢  僕人  的  日子  摩西  公義  今  正  被  顯明    
ó   ！  zhè   shì   ní   pú rén   de   rì zi   mó xi   gōng yì   jīn   zhèng   bèi   xiǎn míng     
Oh   ！  this   is   you   servant   of   day   Moses   Righteousness   now   right   by   obvious     
And these are the days of Your servant, Moses righteousness being re stored

哦  ！  雖然  這  苦難  的  日子  充滿  飢荒  黑暗  ⼑  劍    
ó   ！  suī rán   zhè   kǔn àn   de   rì zi   chōng mǎn   jī huang   hēi àn   ⼑  jiàn     
Oh   ！  although   this   suffering   of   day   full   famine   dark   ⼑  sword     
And though these are the days of great trials of famine and darkness and sword

而  我們  仍要  在  這  曠野  呼喊  預備  耶和華  的  道路    
ér   wǒ men   réng yào   zài   zhè   kuàng yě   hū hǎn   yù bèi   yē hé huá   de   dào lù     
and   us   Still want to   in   this   The wilderness   Shouting   preparation   Jehovah   of   the way     
Still we are the voice in the desert crying pre pare ye the way of the Lord


看  祂  降臨  駕著  天上  雲  閃耀  如  烈日  號  筒  聲  吹  響    
kàn   tā   jiàng lín   jià zhe   tiān shàng   yún   shǎn yào   rú   liè rì   hào   tǒng   shēng   chuī   xiǎng     
look   He   Come on   Driving   Heaven   clouds   shine   if   The sun   mark   pipe   sound   blow   sound     
Behold, He comes, riding on the clouds shining like the s un at the trumpet c all

揚起  祢  聲  這  是  恩典  的  禧  年  救贖  恩典  從  錫安  山  而來    
yáng qǐ   ní   shēng   zhè   shì   ēn diǎn   de   xǐ   nián   jiù shú   ēn diǎn   cóng   xī ān   shān   ér lái     
Raised   you   sound   this   is   grace   of   happiness   year   Salvation   grace   from   Zion   mountain   Come from     
Lift your voice, it's the year of Jubilee out of Zion's hill, salvation comes


這  是  以西  結  的  日子  枯乾  的  骸骨  正  復活    
zhè   shì   yǐ xi   jié   de   rì zi   kū gān   de   hái gǔ   zhèng   fù huó     
this   is   Westward   knot   of   day   Withered   of   Bones   right   resurrection     
And these are the days of Ezekiel the dry bones becoming as flesh

哦  ！  這  是  祢  僕人  的  日子  大衛  重新  建造  讚美  殿    
ó   ！  zhè   shì   ní   pú rén   de   rì zi   dà wèi   chóng xīn   jiàn zào   zàn měi   diàn     
Oh   ！  this   is   you   servant   of   day   David   Reappear   put up   praise   hall     
And these are the days of Your servant, David rebuilding a temple of praise

哦  ！  這  是  大  收割  的  日子  看哪  ～  莊稼  已  發白    
ó   ！  zhè   shì   dà   shōu gē   de   rì zi   kàn nǎ   ～  zhuāng jia   yǐ   fā bái     
Oh   ！  this   is   big   Harvest   of   day   See which   ～  Crops   already   Whitening     
And these are the days of the harvest the fields are as white in the world

哦  ！  我們  是  祢  葡萄園  的  工人  齊  宣揚  我  主  的  話語    
ó   ！  wǒ men   shì   ní   pú táo yuán   de   gōng rén   qí   xuān yáng   wǒ   zhǔ   de   huà yǔ     
Oh   ！  us   is   you   vineyard   of   worker   even   To promote   I   master   of   Discourse     
And we are the laborers in Your vineyard declaring the Word of the Lord


別  無神  像  耶和華  別  無神  像  耶和華    
bié   wú shén   xiàng   yē hé huá   bié   wú shén   xiàng   yē hé huá     
separate   No god   image   Jehovah   separate   No god   image   Jehovah     
There's no god like Jehovah There's no god like Jehovah

別  無神  像  耶和華  別  無神  像  耶和華    
bié   wú shén   xiàng   yē hé huá   bié   wú shén   xiàng   yē hé huá     
separate   No god   image   Jehovah   separate   No god   image   Jehovah     
There's no god like Jehovah There's no god like Jehovah


昔  在  今在  祂  永遠  長  在    
xī   zài   jīn zài   tā   yǒng yuǎn   chǎng   zài     
formerly   in   Now in   He   forever and always   long   in     
Who was and Who is and Who is to co me



