
We  Speak  To  Nations  -    向  列國  宣告    
We  Speak  To  Nations  -    xiàng   liè guó   xuān gào     
We  Speak  To  Nations  -    toward   Nations   Declare     


Israel Houghton  
側耳  聽  列國  在  呼  求  的  聲音    
cè    tīng   liè guó   zài   hū   qiú   de   shēng yīn     
Side ear   hear   Nations   in   exhale   seek   of   sound     
Hear the sound, the sound of the nations calling

側耳  聽  無  父  的  世代  在  哭泣    
cè    tīng   wú   fù   de   shì dài   zài   kū qì     
Side ear   hear   no   father   of   Generation   in   cry     
Hear the sound, the sound of the fatherless crying

誰  願  為  我  去    
shuí   yuàn   wèi   wǒ   qù     
who   desire   do   I   go     
Who will go for us 

誰  願  向全  地  的  盡頭  宣告  基督  是  王    
shuí   yuàn   xiàng quán   dì   de   jìn tóu   xuān gào   jī dū   shì   wáng     
who   desire   To the whole   earth   of   At the end   Declare   Christ   is   king     
Who will shout to the corner of the earth that Christ is King


向  列國  宣告  敞開  門    
xiàng   liè guó   xuān gào   chǎng kāi   mén     
toward   Nations   Declare   Open   gate     
We speak to nations, be open

向  列國  宣告  跪拜  屈膝    
xiàng   liè guó   xuān gào   guì bài   qū xī     
toward   Nations   Declare   bow down   Knees     
We speak to nations, fall on your knees

向  列國  宣告  神  國度  已  降臨  在  這  地    
xiàng   liè guó   xuān gào   shén   guó dù   yǐ   jiàng lín   zài   zhè   dì     
toward   Nations   Declare   god   country   already   Come on   in   this   earth     
We speak to nations the Kingdom is coming near to you, Whoa!

堅固  的  營壘  被  拆毀    
jiān gù   de   yíng lěi   bèi   chāi huǐ     
Sturdy   of   camp   by   demolition     
We speak to strongholds, be broken

黑暗  的  權勢  都要  逃跑    
hēi àn   de   quán shì   dōu yào   táo pǎo     
dark   of   Power   Have to   Escape     
Power of darkness, you have to flee


向  列國  宣告  神  國度  已  降臨    
xiàng   liè guó   xuān gào   shén   guó dù   yǐ   jiàng lín     
toward   Nations   Declare   god   country   already   Come on     
We speak to nations the Kingdom is coming

在  這  地  宣告  興起    
zài   zhè   dì   xuān gào   xīng qǐ     
in   this   earth   Declare   Rise     
near to you, we speak to you, be free, yeah! be free!

側耳  聽  列國  在  敬拜  的  聲音    
cè    tīng   liè guó   zài   jìng bài   de   shēng yīn     
Side ear   hear   Nations   in   Worship   of   sound     
Hear the sound, the sound of the nations worshipping

側耳  聽眾  兒女  歌唱  不  歇息    
cè    tīng zhòng   ér nǚ   gē chàng   bù   xiē xi     
Side ear   audience   Children   singing   no   Rest     
Hear the sound of sons and daughters singing

我  願  為  你  去    
wǒ   yuàn   wèi   nǐ   qù     
I   desire   do   you   go     
We will go for You

我  願  向全  地  的  盡頭  宣告  基督  是  王    
wǒ   yuàn   xiàng quán   dì   de   jìn tóu   xuān gào   jī dū   shì   wáng     
I   desire   To the whole   earth   of   At the end   Declare   Christ   is   king     
We will shout to the corner of the earth that Christ is King


Be free, yeah! Be free, yeah! 

Be free, yeah! Be free!
萬國  萬民  萬  族  和  萬邦  都  將  看到  你  國度  降臨    
wàn guó   wàn mín   wàn   zú   hàn   wàn bāng   dōu   jiāng   kàn dào   nǐ   guó dù   jiàng lín     
all nations   Everyone   innumerable   tribe   and   Wanbang   all   will   see   you   country   Come on     

萬國  萬民  萬  族  和  萬邦  都  將  看到  你  國度  降臨    
wàn guó   wàn mín   wàn   zú   hàn   wàn bāng   dōu   jiāng   kàn dào   nǐ   guó dù   jiàng lín     
all nations   Everyone   innumerable   tribe   and   Wanbang   all   will   see   you   country   Come on     

四方  地極  一起來  宣告    Be  free!    
sì fāng   dì jí   yī qǐ lái   xuān gào     Be  free!    
Quartet   The ground   come together   Declare     Be  free!    




