
You  Satisfy  My  Soul  -    主  祢  滿足  我  心    
You  Satisfy  My  Soul  -    zhǔ   ní   mǎn zú   wǒ   xīn     
You  Satisfy  My  Soul  -    master   you   Satisfy   I   heart     


Laura Hackett
主  祢  滿足  我  心  主  祢  滿足  我  心    
zhǔ   ní   mǎn zú   wǒ   xīn   zhǔ   ní   mǎn zú   wǒ   xīn     
master   you   Satisfy   I   heart   master   you   Satisfy   I   heart     
You satisfy my soul You satisfy my soul

主  祢  的  愛  滿足  我  的  心    
zhǔ   ní   de   ài   mǎn zú   wǒ   de   xīn     
master   you   of   love   Satisfy   I   of   heart     
You satisfy my soul with Your love 


祢  使我  心  高歌  祢  載  我  如  鷹  上  騰    
ní   shǐ wǒ   xīn   gāo gē   ní   zài   wǒ   rú   yīng   shàng   téng     
you   Make me   heart   Singing   you   load   I   if   eagle   top   fly     
And You make my heart sing You lift me on eagle's wings

當  我  感覺  已  無力  奔跑    
dāng   wǒ   gǎn jué   yǐ   wú lì   bēn pǎo     
just   I   feel   already   Powerless   run     
Just when I thought my heart it would faint

祢  將  暗夜  森  黑  轉為  明光  閃耀    
ní   jiāng   àn yè   sēn   hēi   zhuǎn wèi   míng guāng   shǎn yào     
you   will   Night   forest   black   Turn to   Bright light   shine     
And You take the darkest night And You turn it to shining light

當  我  感覺  黑夜  已  得勝    
dāng   wǒ   gǎn jué   hēi yè   yǐ   dé shèng     
just   I   feel   Night   already   To win     
Just when I thought the night has won 


Hallelujah!    祢  使一  切  變  榮美    
Hallelujah!    ní   shǐ yī   qiè   biàn   róng měi     
Hallelujah!    you   Make one   cut   change   Glory     
Hallelujah! You make all things beautiful

Hallelujah!    經過  試驗  煉  成  金    
Hallelujah!    jīng guò   shì yàn   liàn   chéng   jīn     
Hallelujah!    after   test   smelt   completed   gold     
Hallelujah! Trails and testing prove there's gold

Hallelujah!    祢  化  傷悲  為  喜樂    
Hallelujah!    ní   huà   shāng bēi   wèi   xǐ lè     
Hallelujah!    you   change   sad   do   Joyful     
Hallelujah! You turn mourning into joy


夜  最深  之處  祢  明光  破曉  升起    
yè   zuì shēn   zhī chù   ní   míng guāng   pò xiǎo   shēng qǐ     
night   The deepest   The place   you   Bright light   breaking Dawn   rising     
In the darkest night with the dawning of Your light

明亮  的  晨星  我  渴慕  與  祢  在  一起    
míng liàng   de   chén xīng   wǒ   kě mù   yǔ   ní   zài   yī qǐ     
Bright   of   Morning Star   I   Thirsty   and   you   in   together     
Bright and morning star, I want to be with You where You are


有  時  你  要  堅持  將  真理  唱出  來    
yǒu   shí   nǐ   yào   jiān chí   jiāng   zhēn lǐ   chàng chū   lái     
have   time   you   need   adhere to   will   truth   Sing out   come     
Sometimes you got to sing your way in to the truth

你  要  堅持  將  真理  唱出  來    
nǐ   yào   jiān chí   jiāng   zhēn lǐ   chàng chū   lái     
you   need   adhere to   will   truth   Sing out   come     
You got to sing your way into the truth

你  要  堅持  將  真理  唱出  來    
nǐ   yào   jiān chí   jiāng   zhēn lǐ   chàng chū   lái     
you   need   adhere to   will   truth   Sing out   come     
You got to sing your way into the truth

祂  真  的  喜悅  你    
tā   zhēn   de   xǐ yuè   nǐ     
He   real   of   joy   you     
that He really satisfies



