[The Lord's Love for Israel] 1 "When Israel was a child, I loved him, and I called my son out of Egypt.2 But the more I called to him, the farther he moved from me,[a]offering sacrifices to the images of Baal and burning incense to idols.3 I myself taught Israel[b] how to walk, leading him along by the hand. But he doesn't know or even care that it was I who took care of him.4 I led Israel along with my ropes of kindness and love. I lifted the yoke from his neck, and I myself stooped to feed him.5 "But since my people refuse to return to me, they will return to Egypt and will be forced to serve Assyria.6 War will swirl through their cities; their enemies will crash through their gates. They will destroy them, trapping them in their own evil plans.7 For my people are determined to desert me. They call me the Most High, but they don't truly honor me.8 "Oh, how can I give you up, Israel? How can I let you go? How can I destroy you like Admah or demolish you like Zeboiim? My heart is torn within me, and my compassion overflows.9 No, I will not unleash my fierce anger. I will not completely destroy Israel, for I am God and not a mere mortal. I am the Holy One living among you, and I will not come to destroy.10 For someday the people will follow me. I, the Lord , will roar like a lion. And when I roar, my people will return trembling from the west.11 Like a flock of birds, they will come from Egypt. Trembling like doves, they will return from Assyria. And I will bring them home again," says the Lord . [Charges against Israel and Judah] 12[c]Israel surrounds me with lies and deceit, but Judah still obeys God and is faithful to the Holy One.[d]Footnotes:a.   11:2 As in Greek version; Hebrew reads the more they called to him, the farther he moved from them.  b.   11:3 Hebrew Ephraim, referring to the northern kingdom of Israel; also in 11:8, 9, 12.  c.   11:12a Verse 11:12 is numbered 12:1 in Hebrew text.  d.   11:12b Or and Judah is unruly against God, the faithful Holy One. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.        
