2016 年 09 月 30 日
《印度日記》離戰爭最近的一次

昨晚女孩帶著我進錫克教和印度教廟宇，她雙手合十虔誠的祈禱著，完後我瞥見她留著兩條淚痕。女孩哭著說，她的孟買軍人男友後天要被徵召到喀什米爾，因為兩天後，印巴邊界要開戰。

Yesterday my Indian roommates took me to both Sikhism and Indian temple,  she put her palms together devoutly and prayed, but after I accidentally found there were two tears along her face, she cried and told me that her boyfriend who is in the military of Mumbai, is going to be sent to Kashmir. After two days, India and Pakistan are going to have war at the border.

我知道從七月開始，喀什米爾一帶一直處在危險的狀態，但是印度和巴基斯坦雙方互不相讓，及只要有炸彈攻擊便把矛頭指向對方之下，衝突事件越演越烈。Jitendta說印度之所以民生經濟發展不起來，因為國家耗了太多資金在國防邊界上。

I knew started from July, the whole area in Kashmir especially their capital Srinagar is not safe anymore, with both countries keep neither giving way to the other, when there is terrorist attack happen, they always blamed each other and made everything getting worse and worse. I remember one day Jitendra explained the situation now in India, he was disappointed with the economic here, " Our government had spent too much amount of fund to build the stronger defense on each border, and had already bought lots of military equipment to maintain it."He said. “And that’t why our economic livelihood is still developing." He sighed.

今天全印度人都在討論這件事，最難過與憤怒的應該是喀什米爾人了，雖然現在喀什米爾為印巴分治，但大多數的人想著都是獨立這兩個字，沒有別的立場。沒有人喜歡戰爭，但這是繼土耳其之後，我最靠近戰爭的一次(距離邊界468km)

Today, almost all Indian people are talking the coming war at the border of India and Pakistan, but I think the most angry and upset people are those who live in beautiful Kashmir,  although now this area was ruled separately by both Indian and Pakistan government, but most of people here want to be independent… Nobody likes to have war, and for me, this is the closest war after the days I was in Turkey.

我不知道該用什麼立場面對此事，也不知道該如何安慰女孩，聽說中國支持巴基斯坦，美國支持印度，但我想不管是支持誰，彼此心裡打著都是如意算盤，都是有利可圖。我整晚翻著有關印巴即將開戰的新聞，只能渺小的祈求，願世界平安…

I don’t know how I should stand to face this coming event, also have no idea to comfort the girl, I heard China is going to support Pakistan, and USA is going to support India, no matter which countries they would like to support, I’m sure there is always some profit after doing this. I read lots of new about this coming war for whole night, I couldn’t sleep well, the only thing I can do, is to pray, and strongly hope, everything will be alright wherever people are.
–
註: 自1947年印巴獨立後，已經發生了三次印巴戰爭(皆為了喀什米爾)

Story @ Shimla 09292016