2016 年 09 月 05 日
《台中便車日記》不是把自己丟進危險，而是在逆境中看見心裡的光

便車是窮遊也是一種癮，把自己帶入臨時脫軌的生活中，一種渴望看見世界善良的癮。

從國道三號旁向加油站借板子和筆攔了第一輛便車開始，好幸運的，才甫搭上第三輛便車，草屯就毫無預警地隨著第一個撼動地表的雷聲下了一場大暴雨，開車的大哥在暴雨西哩嘩啦的雨聲中先是念了我一頓「要是我女兒我絕對絕對不准她這樣做，太危險了。」
Started from borrowing the board and pen from a gas station near by the entrance of highway and taking the first hitchhike, luckily, there was a sudden heavy rain just immediately started while I got on the third hitchhike, the driver kept blaming me that how can a girl do such a dangerous thing in this rural area. “If I have a daughter, I won’t definitely allow her to do this." He said.

大哥看著我嘆了一口擔心至極的氣，給了我兩個選擇，下員林市區搭下一台車，還是在休息站繼續攔車，「去休息站所有的車都會往高速公路行駛吧，總會有50%的車往南走。」「只是相反的，下著超大豪雨大概沒有人願意載我，我只會有100%的機率像落湯雞似在高速公路上哪裡也去不了。」
The driver sighed at me with a worried face, then he gave me two options, one is they would drop me in the city center of Yuan-Lin district, or directly drop me at the rest area of highway no.3. It was really hard to decide it, cause if I was dropped at the rest area of highway, I can make sure that all the cars will definitely keep going to the highway after taking a break, but conversely, I don’t think people would like to pick a backpacker during such a heavy raining day, and I will have 100% being stuck in the highway but no where can go.

在逆境中總會看到光，我最後選擇被放在南投休息站，拿著大哥剛剛硬塞在手上的黃色雨傘，踏著水花不斷濺起的大小水漥穿過安全島，跟上次獨自一人從墾丁回高雄那一趟比起來，這一次明顯的心強壯了許多。「在逆境總會看到光。」天色已晚，大雨滂沱下那些橘黃的路燈在雨濛濛中還真的成了一道道糊在一起卻仍耀眼的光。我站在加油站台上高舉著寫著往高雄的紙板，詢問任何可以搭便車的機會。
You can always find a light when you are in adversity. Eventually I decide to be dropped at the rest area, hold the umbrella which the previous driver force to gave me, I crossed the road and pedestrian island, stepped over lots of puddles with the rainwater splashed on my legs. Compare to last experience of hitchhiking, I felt my heart was stronger than before this time. " You can always find a light when you are in adversity." The sky was getting darker, the lights of streets in this blurry raining night seemed to be blended together automatically and became the dazzling spotlight. I took the board which I wrote Kaohsiung where I was going to, standing on the stage of gas station, asking any chances if someone get help me to give me a ride.

那是第4台車，中間無數車輛即使不順路仍停下來先各種恐嚇再叮嚀小心再小心，善良的台灣人總是這樣刀子嘴豆腐心，最後終於從台中回到高雄了。
And that was a fourth hitchhike I took, and countless cars even though they didn’t pick me up cause the opposite route, still, stop in front of me, first they threaten me for some worried reasons, then keep reminding me to be careful for everything, Taiwanese people always like this, hard on the outside, but soft on the inside. Finally, I came back from Taichung to Kaohsiung successfully.

最後才猛然了解，雖然那個逆境是自找的，但是那道心裡的光，是參和著一點一股腦兒的不願放棄，還有相信世界的勇氣。
I started to realize in the end that, even though the adversity this time seriously came from myself cause I asked for it, but I’m sure the light of my deep mind was the courageous mixed with some concept of never give up, and still believe in this beautiful world.

而在逆境總會看到光，這個理論適用於生活中的每一件事。
And the theory that you can always find a light in adversity, it’s suitable for every situation in our life.

@2016.09.04 Taichung.