2016 年 09 月 15 日
《台灣日記》中秋人團圓賞月圓
 



中秋節越圓人團圓，我之所以喜歡這個節日，並不是因為有吃不完烤肉，而是它給了我們一個理由讓家人聚在一起。不管是哪一種愛，都真的要即時。
During the Moon festival (Mid-term festival) in Taiwan, people used to reunion together on this day. The reason I love this holiday not because of always having BBQ party and lots of fun to celebrate this day, but giving us a reasonable excuse to make all the family members gather together every year. And every time when the day comes, I always have strong feeling that no matter what kind of love, we all have to express it in time.

五年前爺爺過世了，剩下奶奶守著臺南這個家。而現在，奶奶開始忘東忘西了，記不得今早吃過飯了沒，記不得剛剛說過的話，不知道怎麼唸出帳本上的金額數字，我才剛騎著車出門沒多久，奶奶就忘記我今天上午才從桃園回來，還牽著她的手逛了好幾圈市場…
My grandpa passed away five years ago, since then my grandma took care of this house in Tainan by herself, and now she is unable to remember lots of thing in her life slowly, she couldn’t remember whether she had breakfast before or not, couldn’t remember the words she just said before, couldn’t read the number in her account book, even more, she totally forgot today I just came back from Taoyuan, and just held her hands shopping in traditional market 1 hour ago…

爸爸不是一個擅長言詞的人，嚴肅的外表下，溫柔的話說不出口，但他總是用行動來證明，即使距離很遠，一年只能回家兩次，但他仍堅持只要是重要節日，就算只有兩天，也要開著凌晨的夜車奔回南部。
My Dad isn’t good at speaking, beyond his serious appearance, he seldom says warm words to any one of us, but he always expresses his love from action, even though my home and my grandparent’s home are far away, and we can only come back to visit my grandparents twice a year because of work, but Dad still persists that if that is an important festival, even if the holiday will only have 2 days off, he always drives the mid-night car go back to the south.

過去奶奶有七分之四的人生在這間菜市場以賣魚為業，和爺爺並肩作戰著。今天陪著奶奶重回到這裡，已經很久沒回來的奶奶笑得很開心，雖然她老是忘記我們今晚要吃火鍋，前前後後問了好多遍同樣的問題，但是這間菜市場像是奶奶第二個家，只要看到認識的攤販，便帶著驕傲的神情開始介紹老爸給每一個人知道。
In the past, grandma spent four sevenths of her life selling fishes and other seafood in this market with my grandpa to support all the family. Today we accompanied with her came back to this market, she was so happy because it has been a long time she never came back, although grandma always forgot we came here because we were going to buy some ingredients for the hot pot today, kept asking what were we going to buy here several times, but this market can be regarded as her second home, she knew almost everyone here, once she saw the stand keeper who she knew before, she would immediately introduce my father to them,  with the face full of pride.

看著他們倆的背影，看著看著，嘴角就不知不覺上揚了，其實愛不一定要說出來，但是你可以用自己最獨特舒服的方式，把愛表現給對方知道。
While watching their back walking behind them, I feel touched with my month ups. Love may not necessary have to be said, but we can do our unique and comfortable own way to let each other know about LOVE.

中秋節團圓快樂
Happy Reunion Moon Festival!