1 This is Solomon's song of songs, more wonderful than any other. [Young Woman]*Kiss me and kiss me again, for your love is sweeter than wine.3 How pleasing is your fragrance; your name is like the spreading fragrance of scented oils. No wonder all the young women love you!4 Take me with you; come, let's run! The king has brought me into his bedroom. [Young Women of Jerusalem] How happy we are for you, O king. We praise your love even more than wine. [Young Woman] How right they are to adore you.5 I am dark but beautiful, O women of Jerusalem- dark as the tents of Kedar, dark as the curtains of Solomon's tents.6 Don't stare at me because I am dark- the sun has darkened my skin. My brothers were angry with me; they forced me to care for their vineyards, so I couldn't care for myself-my own vineyard.7 Tell me, my love, where are you leading your flock today? Where will you rest your sheep at noon? For why should I wander like a prostitute*among your friends and their flocks? [Young Man] 8 If you don't know, O most beautiful woman, follow the trail of my flock, and graze your young goats by the shepherds' tents.9 You are as exciting, my darling, as a mare among Pharaoh's stallions.10 How lovely are your cheeks; your earrings set them afire! How lovely is your neck, enhanced by a string of jewels.11 We will make for you earrings of gold and beads of silver. [Young Woman] 12 The king is lying on his couch, enchanted by the fragrance of my perfume.13 My lover is like a sachet of myrrh lying between my breasts.14 He is like a bouquet of sweet henna blossoms from the vineyards of En-gedi. [Young Man] 15 How beautiful you are, my darling, how beautiful! Your eyes are like doves. [Young Woman] 16 You are so handsome, my love, pleasing beyond words! The soft grass is our bed;17 fragrant cedar branches are the beams of our house, and pleasant smelling firs are the rafters.       Footnotes: [1:1 ] [The headings identifying the speakers are not in the original text, though the Hebrew usually gives clues by means of the gender of the person speaking.] 2  1:7 Hebrew like a veiled woman.  
