I will declare my choice to the nationsI will shout for joy in the congregationI will worship God (worship God)All my daysThose who love the Lord are satisfiedThose who trust in Him are justifiedI will serve my God (serve my God)All my daysMen:	When the nations crumble Ladies:	The word of the Lord will standMen:	Kings may rise and fallLadies:	His love will endure	Men:	Though the strong may stumbleLadies: Oh the joy of the Lord is strengthAll:	To my soul	I will not be shakenI will not be movedI will not be shakenI Give You My HeartThis is my desire to honor YouLord, with all my heart I worship YouAll I have within me I give You praiseAll that I adore is in YouLord I give You my heartI give You my soulI live for You aloneEvery breath that I takeEvery moment I’m awakeLord, have Your way in meLord Have MercyJesus, I've forgotten the words that You have spokenPromises that burned within my heart have now grown dimWith a doubting heart I follow the paths of earthly wisdomForgive me for my unbelief,Renew the fire againLord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.Lord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.I have built an altar where I worship things of menI have taken journeys that have drawn me far from YouNow I am returning to Your mercies ever flowingPardon my transgressionsHelp me love You againLord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.Lord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.I have longed to know You and Your tender merciesLike a river of forgiveness ever flowing without endI bow my heart before You in the goodness of Your presenceYour grace forever shiningLike a beacon in the nightLord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.Lord have mercy, Christ have mercy,Lord have mercy on me.Before The ThroneBefore the throne of God aboveI have a strong and perfect pleaA great High Priest whose name is LoveWho ever lives and pleads for meMy name is graven on His handsMy name is written on His heartI know that while in heaven He standsNo tongue can bid me thence departNo tongue can bid me thence departWhen Satan tempts me to despairAnd tells me of the guilt withinUpward I look and see Him thereWho made an end of all my sinBecause the sinless Savior diedMy sinful soul is counted freeFor God, the Just, is satisfiedTo look on Him and pardon meTo look on Him and pardon meBehold Him there! The risen LambMy prefect, spotless, RighteousnessThe Great unchangeable I AMThe King of Glory and of GraceOne with Himself I cannot dieMy soul is purchased by His bloodMy life is hid with Christ on highWith Christ my Savior and my GodWith Christ my Savior and my GodCommunionJesus Loves MeJesus loves me this I know,For the Bible tells me so.Little ones to Him belong,They are weak, but He is strong.Yes Jesus loves me,Yes Jesus loves me,Yes Jesus loves me,The Bible tells me so.Jesus loves me! This I know,As He loved so long ago,Taking children on His knee,Saying, “Let them come to Me.” Jesus loves me still today,Walking with me on my way,Wanting as a friend to giveLight and love to all who live. Jesus loves me, He who diedHeaven's gates to open wide.He will wash away my sin,Let His little child come in.Give thanks to the Lord our God and King(His love endures forever)For He is good, He is above all things(His love endures forever)Sing praise, sing praiseWith a mighty hand and outstretched arm(His love endures forever)For the life, that’s been reborn(His love endures forever)Sing praise, sing praise (x 2)Forever God is faithfulForever God is strongForever God is with usForever (and ever)From the rising to the setting sun(His love endures forever)And by the grace of God we will carry on(His love endures forever)Sing praise, sing praise (x 2)Forever You are faithfulForever You are strongForever You are with usForever (and ever)
