Discipline of simplicity簡樸生活的操練A. What is simplicity? 什麼是簡樸生活？(Luke 9:58) And Jesus said to him, "Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head.”（路9:58）耶穌說：“狐狸有洞，天空的飛鳥有窩，人子卻沒有棲身的地方。”Simplicity in our religion 宗教上的簡樸Double-click to editA.W. Tozer:	Every age has its own characteristics. Right now we are in an age of religious complexity. The simplicity, which is in Christ, is rarely found among us. In its stead are programs, methods, organizations, and a world of nervous activities, which occupy time and attention but can never satisfy the longing of the heart.A.W. Tozer:每個年代都有其特點。現在正處於宗教複雜的時代。基督里的簡單，很難在我們中間發現。反而是程序、方法、組織和一個緊湊活動的世界。它們佔據了我們的時間和注意力，卻永遠無法滿足我們心中的渴望。Simplicity in our schedules 行事曆上的簡樸John Ortberg: 	We suffer from what has come to be known as ‘hurry sickness.’ One of the greatest illusions of our day is that hurrying will buy us more time.John Ortberg: 	我們正在遭受所謂的“急躁病”之痛苦。一天當中，我們最大的幻想就是“急忙可以購買時間”。Carl Jung: Hurry is not of the devil; hurry is the devil. 急忙不是魔鬼的屬性之一，急忙就是魔鬼。B. Why live a life of simplicity? 為什麼要簡樸生活？1. Jesus commands it 耶穌如此命令 (Mark 10:21) And Jesus, looking at him, loved him, and said to him, "You lack one thing: go, sell all that you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me.” （可10:21）耶穌看著他，就愛他，對他說：“你還缺少一件：去變賣你所有的，分給窮人，就必定有財寶在天上，而且你要來跟從我。”(Matthew 6:19) Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal.（太6:19）不可為自己在地上積聚財寶，因為地上有蟲蛀，有鏽侵蝕，也有賊挖洞來偷。2. It sets us free 它釋放我們 Dave Ramsey: We buy things we don’t want with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like.(Matthew 6:19, 21) Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal… 21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.（太6:19，21）不可為自己在地上積聚財寶，因為地上有蟲蛀，有鏽侵蝕，也有賊挖洞來偷。21 你的財寶在哪裡，你的心也在哪裡。Richard Foster: Simplicity is the only thing that sufficiently reorients our lives so that possessions can be genuinely enjoyed without destroying us. 3. It give us focus 它幫助我們集中注意力(Proverbs 4:25) Let your eyes look directly forward, and your gaze be straight before you.（箴4:25）你雙眼要向前正視，你的眼睛要向前直望。(Philippians 4:8-9) Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things. What you have learned and received and heard and seen in me—practice these things, and the God of peace will be with you. （腓4:8-9）最後，弟兄們，凡是真實的、莊重的、公正的、純潔的、可愛的、聲譽好的，無論是甚麼美德，甚麼稱讚，這些事你們都應當思念。9 你們在我身上所學習、所領受、所聽見、所看見的，這些事你們都應當實行；那麼，賜平安的　神就必與你們同在。 4. It allows us to hear from God 它使得我們可以聽到神的聲音(Revelation 3:20) Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me.（啟3:20）看哪！我站在門外敲門；如果有人聽見我的聲音就開門的，我要進到他那裡去，我要跟他在一起，他也要跟我在一起吃飯。Double-click to editFrançois Fénelon: 	Your mind is too much taken up with your circumstances, and this hinders you from understanding the mind of God.... I think it is such a hindrance to the kind of quiet meditation in which God reveals Himself. You must learn to be humble and simple.... Be content with leading a simple life. François Fénelon: 	你的頭腦被你所處的環境所佔據，這阻礙了你更好地明白上帝的旨意……我認為這是一種上帝向你顯示祂自己的安靜默想的阻礙。你必須學習謙卑和簡單……滿足于簡單的生活。 C. How do I live a life of simplicity? 我如何簡樸生活？
