Discipline of Secrecy隱秘的操練(Matthew 6:3-4) But when you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, 4 so that your giving may be in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.（太6:3-4）你施捨的時候，不要讓左手知道右手所作的，4	好使你的施捨是在隱密中行的。你父在隱密中察看，必定報答你。(Philippians 2:3) Do nothing from rivalry or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves.（腓2:3）不要自私自利，也不要貪圖虛榮，只要謙卑，看別人比自己強；What is the discipline of secrecy? 什麼是隱秘的操練？A lost discipline一個丟失的操練Approval addiction被認同成癮Double-click to editRichard J. Daley: They have vilified me, they have crucified me; yes, they have even criticized me. 他們詆毀我，他們將我釘十字架，是的，他們甚至批評我。Henri Nouwen: A little criticism makes me angry, and a little rejection makes me depressed. A little praise raises my spirits, and a little success excites me. It takes very little to raise me up or thrust me down. Often I am like a small boat on the ocean, completely at the mercy of its waves.Henri Nouwen：一點點的批評就使我生氣，一點點的拒絕就讓我憂鬱。一點點的讚揚就使我精神抖擻，一點點的成功就讓我興奮百倍。只需要一點點，就可以將我抬到高天或摔到地面。通常我就像海洋上的一艘小船，去留走向完全依賴于波濤的憐憫。Public recognition or God’s recognition? 公眾的認可還是上帝的認可？Double-click to editJesus’ example of secrecy耶穌隱秘的榜樣(Mark 1:40-44). And a leper came to him, imploring him, and kneeling said to him, "If you will, you can make me clean." 41 Moved with pity, he stretched out his hand and touched him and said to him, "I will; be clean." 42 And immediately the leprosy left him, and he was made clean. 43 And Jesus sternly charged him and sent him away at once, 44 and said to him, "See that you say nothing to anyone, but go, show yourself to the priest and offer for your cleansing what Moses commanded, for a proof to them.”（可1:40-44）有一個患痲風的人，來到耶穌跟前，跪下求他說：“如果你肯，必能使我潔淨。”41	耶穌動了憐憫的心，就伸手摸他，說：“我肯，你潔淨了吧！”42	痲風立刻離開了他，他就潔淨了。43	耶穌打發那人離開以前，嚴厲地吩咐他，44	說：“你千萬不可把這事告訴任何人，你只要去給祭司檢查，並且照著摩西所規定的，為你得潔淨獻祭，好向大家作證。” (Matthew 6:3-4) But when you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, 4 so that your giving may be in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.（太6:3-4）你施捨的時候，不要讓左手知道右手所作的，4	好使你的施捨是在隱密中行的。你父在隱密中察看，必定報答你。John the Baptist 施洗約翰“He must become greater; I must become less.” (John 3:30)（約翰3:30）他必興旺，我必衰微。Who are we doing it for? 我們為誰而做？John Ortberg: if we choose to impress people by making sure they know of our generosity, the nature of our action changes. We settle for the narcotic of approval. Instead of becoming a little more free, we become a little more enslaved.如果我們選擇通過讓他人知道我們的慷慨來給人留下好印象，我們行動的本質就變了。我們注射了希望被認可的麻醉劑。我們並沒有變得更自由，反而更受奴役。Henri Nouwen’s example盧雲的榜樣Double-click to editHenri Nouwen: If we don't have a hidden life with God, our public life for God cannot bear fruit.如果我們沒有和上帝之間的隱秘生活，我們和上帝的公開生活中就無法結出果子。But what about criticism?可是該如何看待批評呢？Aristotle: Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. 如果我們什麼也不說，什麼也不做，什麼也不是，倒可以很容易地躲開批評。Suggested exercises 建議操練：Keep secrets. 保密。Do acts of service in secret.做秘密的服務行為。Refrain from telling others everything you know.不要告訴別人一切你知道的。Abstain from revealing your achievements.不要透露你的成就。Celebrate the achievements of others.慶祝他人的成就。Keep secret what you have received from God. 保密你從神得到的。Abstain from impression management. 避免印象管理。
