Discipline of Solitude and Silence獨處與安靜的操練(Lamentations 3:26-28) It is good that one should wait quietly for the salvation of the LORD. 27 It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth. 28 Let him sit alone in silence when it is laid on him.（哀3:26-28）安靜等候耶和華的救恩，是多麼的美好！27 人在幼年時就負軛，是多麼的美好！28 他要無言獨坐，因為這是耶和華加在他身上的。Double-click to editWhat is the discipline of solitude and silence? 獨處與安靜的操練是什麼？Why is solitude difficult? 獨處為何艱難？Mark Driscoll:It was a very normal day until I realized that I was actively destroying my own soul… it dawned on me that I had not had one minute of silence during my entire day. It was possible, I realized, that I could live the rest of my life without ever again experiencing silence. In that moment, it dawned on me that I was addicted to the false trinity of our day, the gods known as Hurry, Worry and Noisy.看起來是很正常的一天直到我突然意識到我正在積極地摧毀我的靈魂……我幡然醒悟自己一整天都沒有片刻的安靜。我意識到很有可能，接下來的一生都不會享有哪怕一分鐘的安靜。那時那刻，我意識到自己正沉迷于一個虛假的三位一體的神，即：著急、憂慮和嘈雜。Why is solitude important? 獨處為何重要？David Mathis: We are humans, not machines. We were made for rhythms of silence and noise, community and solitude. It is unhealthy to always have people around, as well as to rarely want them. God made us for cycles and seasons, for routines and cadences.我們是人類並非機器。我們被造可以享受安靜與聲音、社交與獨處。總有人在周圍是不健康的，幾乎不需要他人也是如此。上帝創造我們，使得我們可以經歷週期和季節、例行與節奏。What is the value of solitude? 獨處有何價值？The key is spending time with God 關鍵是要和上帝在一起Ruth Barton:Over the years, I have learned that my greatest need as a human being and as a spiritual leader is to experience God's unconditional love and presence beyond all that I do for him. I need to hear a voice that is not my own speaking those things that I most need to hear. In the regular practice of solitude, God's unconditional love and presence becomes the bedrock of my being, the unshakeable foundation of my true identity and calling.多年來，我了解到，作為一個人及屬靈領袖，我最大的需求是經歷上帝那超越我為祂所做的一切的無條件的愛與同在。我需要聽到一個不是我自己的聲音，能說出我最需要聽到的那些話。在日常的獨處中，上帝無條件的愛與同在成為我存在的基石，我的真實身份及呼召的不可動搖的基礎。Jesus’ example 耶穌的榜樣Double-click to edit(Matthew 14:23) “And after he had dismissed the crowds, he went up on the mountain by himself to pray. When evening came, he was there alone.”（太14:23）他解散了群眾，就獨自上山去禱告。到了晚上，他還是獨自一人在那裡。(Mark 1:35) “And rising very early in the morning, while it was still dark, he departed and went out to a desolate place, and there he prayed.”（可1:35）次日凌晨，天還沒有亮，耶穌起身出去，來到荒野的地方，在那裡禱告。Bill Gaultiere: Jesus’ Rhythm of Life is the secret to how he got renewed in his Father’s love and empowered by the Spirit for his life and ministry. Also, in quiet prayer he listened to the Father and received discernment for many things, like picking his 12 Apostles and deciding to move from one city to the next.Bill Gaultiere: 耶穌生命節奏的秘訣在於祂如何從天父的愛裡得到更新，從聖靈那裡得著生命及事工的力量。此外，在安靜的禱告中他傾聽父神的聲音，得知很多事情該如何行，例如挑選12使徒及從一個城市去往另一個城市。(Matthew 6:6) “But when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret.”（太6:6）但你祈禱的時候，要進到密室裡去，關上門，向在隱密中的父祈禱。你父在隱密中察看，必定報答你。Saint Anthony 聖安東尼Saint Anthony 聖安東尼Potential pitfalls 潛在危機Richard Foster: The fruit of solitude is increased sensitivity and compassion for others. There comes a new freedom to be with people. There is new attentiveness to their needs, new responsiveness to their hurts.Richard Foster: 獨處可以增加對他人的敏感度及同情，會產生與人相處時的新自由，對待他人需求的新注意力和對他人所受傷痛的新反應。How do we practice? 如何操練？1. Daily solitude 每日獨處Dietrich Bonhoeffer:We are silent at the beginning of the day because God should have the first word, and we are silent before going to sleep because the last word also belongs to God.在一天開始的時候要安靜，因為我們應該將每天的第一句話獻給上帝。我們在晚上睡覺之前要安靜，因為每天的最後一句話也屬於祂。2. Special Retreats 退修會1.Set aside time 安排時間2.Pray for God’s revelation 祈求上帝的啟示3.Read and meditate on the Bible 閱讀和默想聖經4.Allow the truth of who you are to surface 面對真實的自我5.Have a computer or pen and paper ready 準備好電腦或筆和紙6.Time of prayer 禱告7.Consider setting a calendar reminder 考慮設置日曆提醒Conclusion 總結
