John 7:25-3625 Some of the people of Jerusalem therefore said, "Is not this the man whom they seek to kill? 26 And here he is, speaking openly, and they say nothing to him! Can it be that the authorities really know that this is the Christ? 27 But we know where this man comes from, and when the Christ appears, no one will know where he comes from.” 28 So Jesus proclaimed, as he taught in the temple, "You know me, and you know where I come from? But I have not come of my own accord. He who sent me is true, and him you do not know. 29 I know him, for I come from him, and he sent me." 30 So they were seeking to arrest him, but no one laid a hand on him, because his hour had not yet come. 31 Yet many of the people believed in him. They said,"When the Christ appears, will he do more signs than this man has done?” 32 The Pharisees heard the crowd muttering these things about him, and the chief priests and Pharisees sent officers to arrest him. 33 Jesus then said, "I will be with you a little longer, and then I am going to him who sent me. 34 You will seek me and you will not find me. Where I am you cannot come." 35 The Jews said to one another, "Where does this man intend to go that we will not find him? Does he intend to go to the Dispersion among the Greeks and teach the Greeks? 36 What does he mean by saying, 'You will seek me and you will not find me,' and, 'Where I am you cannot come’?”約翰7:25-3625  當時，有些耶路撒冷人說：“這不是他們想要殺的人嗎？26  你看，他還在公開地講話，竟然沒有人對他說甚麼，難道官長們真的認為這個人就是基督嗎？27  可是我們知道這個人是從哪裡來的，只是基督來的時候，沒有人知道他是從哪裡來的！”28  當時耶穌在殿裡教導人，大聲說：“你們以為認識我，也知道我從哪裡來，其實我不是憑著自己的意思來的，但那差我來的是真實的，你們卻不認識他。29  然而我認識他，因為我從他那裡來，也是他差我來的。”30  於是他們想逮捕他，只是沒有人下手，因為他的時候還沒有到。31  群眾中有許多人信了他。他們說：“基督來的時候，他所行的神蹟，能比這人所行的更多嗎？”32  法利賽人聽見群眾紛紛議論這些關於耶穌的事，祭司長和法利賽人就派差役去逮捕耶穌。33  於是耶穌說：“我跟你們在一起的時候不多了，我要回到那差我來的那裡去。34  你們要尋找我，卻找不著；我所在的地方，你們是不能去的。”35  猶太人彼此說：“這個人要到哪裡去，使我們找不著他呢？難道他要到散居在希臘人中的猶太人那裡，去教導希臘人嗎？36  他說‘你們要尋找我，卻找不著；我所在的地方，你們是不能去的’這話，是甚麼意思呢？”1. What determines your understanding of Jesus?25 Some of the people of Jerusalem therefore said, "Is not this the man whom they seek to kill? 26 And here he is, speaking openly, and they say nothing to him! Can it be that the authorities really know that this is the Christ? 27 But we know where this man comes from, and when the Christ appears, no one will know where he comes from.25  當時，有些耶路撒冷人說：“這不是他們想要殺的人嗎？26  你看，他還在公開地講話，竟然沒有人對他說甚麼，難道官長們真的認為這個人就是基督嗎？27  可是我們知道這個人是從哪裡來的，只是基督來的時候，沒有人知道他是從哪裡來的！”2. Dangers of presuming to know Jesus:1. You fail to understand God’s calling."28 So Jesus proclaimed, as he taught in the temple, "You know me, and you know where I come from? But I have not come of my own accord. He who sent me is true, and him you do not know. 29 I know him, for I come from him, and he sent me." 28  當時耶穌在殿裡教導人，大聲說：“你們以為認識我，也知道我從哪裡來，其實我不是憑著自己的意思來的，但那差我來的是真實的，你們卻不認識他。29  然而我認識他，因為我從他那裡來，也是他差我來的。”Double-click to edit2. You fail to understand God’s schedule.30 So they were seeking to arrest him, but no one laid a hand on him, because his hour had not yet come. 31 Yet many of the people believed in him. They said,"When the Christ appears, will he do more signs than this man has done?” 32 The Pharisees heard the crowd muttering these things about him, and the chief priests and Pharisees sent officers to arrest him.30  於是他們想逮捕他，只是沒有人下手，因為他的時候還沒有到。31  群眾中有許多人信了他。他們說：“基督來的時候，他所行的神蹟，能比這人所行的更多嗎？”32  法利賽人聽見群眾紛紛議論這些關於耶穌的事，祭司長和法利賽人就派差役去逮捕耶穌。John Calvin:for though we live from day to day, still the time of every man’s death has been fixed by God… while we are subject to so many accidents, exposed to so many open and concealed attacks both from men and beasts, and liable to so many diseases, we are safe from all risk until God is pleased to call us away.3. You fail to understand God’s destiny.33 Jesus then said, "I will be with you a little longer, and then I am going to him who sent me. 34 You will seek me and you will not find me. Where I am you cannot come." 35 The Jews said to one another, "Where does this man intend to go that we will not find him? Does he intend to go to the Dispersion among the Greeks and teach the Greeks? 36 What does he mean by saying, 'You will seek me and you will not find me,' and, 'Where I am you cannot come’?”33  於是耶穌說：“我跟你們在一起的時候不多了，我要回到那差我來的那裡去。34  你們要尋找我，卻找不著；我所在的地方，你們是不能去的。”35  猶太人彼此說：“這個人要到哪裡去，使我們找不著他呢？難道他要到散居在希臘人中的猶太人那裡，去教導希臘人嗎？36  他說‘你們要尋找我，卻找不著；我所在的地方，你們是不能去的’這話，是甚麼意思呢？”(Prov 1:28-31) Then they will call upon me, but I will not answer; they will seek me diligently but will not find me. 29 Because they hated knowledge and did not choose the fear of the LORD, 30 would have none of my counsel and despised all my reproof, 31 therefore they shall eat the fruit of their way, and have their fill of their own devices. （箴言1:28-31）28  那時，他們必呼求我，我卻不回答；他們切切尋找我，卻尋不見；29  因為他們恨惡知識，不選擇敬畏耶和華；30  不接受我的勸告，輕視我的一切責備；31  所以，他們必自食其果，必飽嘗自己所設計謀的傷害。Top 10 goals in life (according to 11,000 voters):- Being healthy.- Being happy.- Enjoying life.- Achieving intellectual growth.- Pursuing your ideals and passions.- Having financial freedom.- Having close friendships.- Caring for others.- Achieving self knowledge.- Having a romantic relationship.
