Prayer:Entering into the presence of God禱告：進入神的同在Double-click to editDouble-click to editDouble-click to editIn order to know God we must often think of him. When we come to love him, we shall also think of him often for our heart will be with our treasure. So think of God all the time -- during the day, at night, in your daily work, even in your leisure time activities. He is always nearby. Don't ignore him. If you had a friend nearby, you would not ignore him when he came to visit. Why then would you neglect God? In short, do not forget him. Think of him often. Adore him continually. Live and die with him. As a Christian this is our job and calling. This is what we are here for. It is glorious!為了了解上帝我們必須要經常思考祂。當我們愛神的時候，我們應該經常思想祂，因為我們的心在哪裡，財寶就在哪裡。所以，要一直思想上帝—白天，黑夜，日常工作中，甚至娛樂活動里。祂總在我們身邊。不要忽略祂。如果你有一位朋友在你旁邊，他來拜訪你時，你不會忽略他。那你為什麼會忽略上帝？簡言之，不要忘記祂。經常思想祂。持續崇拜祂。生死與共。作為基督徒，這是我們的工作和呼召。這是我們存在于世的原因。何等榮耀！I am doing now what I will do for all eternity. I am blessing God, praising Him, adoring Him, and loving Him with all my heart.我現在做的正是在永恆里會做的。我祝福上帝、讚美祂、崇拜祂，並且用我全心去愛祂。A. The presence of God神的同在The one thing I ask of the Lord—the thing I seek most—is to live in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, delighting in the Lord’s perfections and meditating in his Temple. (Psalm 27:4)有一件事我求過耶和華，我還要尋求；我要一生一世住在耶和華的殿裡，瞻仰他的榮美，在他的殿中求問。（詩27:4）Double-click to editThe Presence of God is the central fact of Christianity. At the heart of the Christian message is God Himself waiting for His redeemed children to push into conscious awareness of His Presence.上帝的同在是基督教的核心事實。基督徒信息的核心是上帝在等待祂被救贖的孩子們感受到祂的同在。B. The two way process of prayer 禱告的雙向過程Richard Foster:Listening to the Lord is the first thing, the second thing, and the third thing necessary for successful intercession. Søren Kierkegaard once observed: “A man prayed, and at first he thought that prayer was talking. But he became more and more quiet until in the end he realized that prayer is listening.”傾聽上帝是成功代求的必要第一件事，第二件事，和第三件事。祁克果曾經說道：“人禱告時，最初他覺得禱告是講話。可是，他變得越來越安靜，直到最後，他意識到禱告是聆聽。”What is ‘soaking prayer’? 什麼是“浸泡式禱告”?Double-click to editHow do I soak in prayer? 我如何浸泡在禱告中？1. Find a quiet place.2. Listen to worship music.3. Quiet down your busy thoughts.4. Invite the Holy Spirit to come.5. Read a small portion of Scripture.6. Ask God for more of His presence.7. Become quiet and listen for God’s voice.8. Give time to soaking in God’s presence.9. Remember, soaking is about ‘being’ with God.Results of soaking in God’s presence 浸泡于神同在中之結果(Matt 11:28-30)28 Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. 30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.（太11:28-30）28	你們所有勞苦擔重擔的人哪，到我這裡來吧！我必使你們得安息。29	我心裡柔和謙卑，你們應當負我的軛，向我學習，你們就必得著心靈的安息；30	我的軛是容易負的，我的擔子是輕省的。”Joseph Prince:When you are conscious of His presence every day, you will experience a peace that gives you rest, joy inexpressible in your spirit and a power that nothing in this world can offer.當你每天感受到神的同在，你會經歷使人安歇的平安，靈里難以表述的喜樂，及世間無法給予的力量。Brother Lawrence:There is not in the world a kind of life more sweet and delightful, than that of a continual conversation with God; those only can comprehend it who practice and experience it.世上沒有一種生活可以像與上帝持續地交流那般甜蜜愉快，只有那些實踐并經歷過的人才能夠感受到。
