How can I go deeper? 我該如何更深入？Richard Foster :Superficiality is the curse of our age. The doctrine of instant satisfaction is a primary spiritual problem. The desperate need today is not for a greater number of intelligent people, or gifted people, but for deep People.理查德 福斯特：膚淺是我們這個時代的咒詛。即時滿足的原則是主要的屬靈問題。現今急切需求的不是大量的聰明人或天才，而是深入思考之人。Richard Foster:If we hope to move beyond the superficialities of our culture, including our religious culture, we must be willing to go down into the recreating silences, into the inner world of contemplation. … The purpose of meditation is to enable us to hear God more clearly.理查德 福斯特：如果我們希望超越我們文化的表面，包括我們的宗教文化，我們必須願意進入重建的沉默，進入沉思的內心世界。 ...默想的目的是使我們能夠更清楚地聽到上帝的話。What is meditation? 什麼是默想？Why is meditation important? 為什麼默想很重要？Rom 12:2Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect.羅12:2不要模仿這個世代，倒要藉著心意的更新而改變過來，使你們可以察驗出甚麼是　神的旨意，就是察驗出甚麼是美好的、蒙他悅納的和完全的事。（Phil 4:8）Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.腓4:8）最後，弟兄們，凡是真實的、莊重的、公正的、純潔的、可愛的、聲譽好的，無論是甚麼美德，甚麼稱讚，這些事你們都應當思念。What should we meditate on? 我們應該默想什麼？(Ps 63:5-6) My soul will be satisfied as with fat and rich food, and my mouth will praise you with joyful lips, 6 when I remember you upon my bed, and meditate on you in the watches of the night. （詩63:5-6）我的心滿足，就像飽享了骨髓肥油；我要用歡樂的嘴唇讚美你。6 我在床上記念你，我整夜默想你。Frederick W. Faber:Only to sit and think of God, Oh, what a joy it is! To think the thought, to breathe the name, Earth has no higher bliss.只要坐下來思考上帝，喔，這是多麼快樂！思考祂的意念，呼吸祂的名字，地球上最高的幸福莫過於此。(Ps 77:12) I will ponder all your work, and meditate on your mighty deeds.（詩77:12）我要默想你一切所行的，思想你的作為。(Ps 119:97-99) Oh how I love your law! It is my meditation all the day. 98 Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies, for it is ever with me. 99 I have more understanding than all my teachers, for your testimonies are my meditation.（詩119:97-99）我多麼愛慕你的律法，終日不住地默想。98 你的命令使我比我的仇敵更有智慧，因為你的命令常存在我裡面。 99 我比我所有的老師明智，因為我默想你的法度。(Author) David Mathis:For the Christian, meditation means having “the word of Christ dwell in you richly” (Colossians 3:16). It is feeding our minds on the words of God and digesting them slowly, savouring the texture, enjoying the juices, cherishing the flavour.(作者) David Mathis:對基督徒來說，默想意味著“把基督的道理豐豐富富地存在心裡”（歌羅西書3：16）。這是用神的話語來餵養我們的頭腦，慢慢消化，品嘗紋理，享受湯汁，珍惜美味。How should we meditate? 我們應該如何默想？11 I will remember the deeds of the LORD; yes, I will remember your wonders of old.11 我要述說耶和華的作為，我要記念你古時所行的奇事。12 I will ponder all your work, and meditate on your mighty deeds. 12 我要默想你一切所行的，思想你的作為。Dr. Ken Puls:Meditation is pondering the Word in our hearts, preaching it to our own souls, and personally applying it to our own lives and circumstances. It is how we sanctify our thinking and bring it into submission to Christ—taking every thought captive.Dr. Ken Puls:默想正在我們心中思考神的話語，向自己的靈魂講道，將其應用於我們自己的生活和環境。 這是我們如何使思想成聖，並把它交付給基督 - 獲得每一個想法。Missing link between Bible reading and prayer讀經和禱告之間缺失的鏈接The reason we come away so cold from reading the word is, because we do not warm ourselves at the fires of meditation. (Thomas Watson)我們從閱讀神的話語中冷淡下來的原因是因為我們沒有在默想的火焰中溫暖自己。（托馬斯 沃森）The great reason why our prayers are ineffectual, is because we do not meditate before them. (William Bates)我們禱告沒有果效的重大原因是我們沒有在禱告前進行默想。（威廉姆 貝茨）Lectio Divina 1. Read2. Reflect3. Respond4. Rest5. RepeatWhat are the benefits of meditation? 默想的好處
