How should we pray?Our cash which art on plasticHollowed be thy nameThy Cartier watchThy Prada bagOnline as it is in storeGive us each day our Platinum VisaAnd forgive those that stop us spendingAnd lead us not unto Louis VuittonFor thine is the Gucci, the Dior and the ArmaniFor Chanel No.5 and EternityAMEXDietrich Bonhoeffer:“All the prayers of the Holy Scriptures are summed up in the Lord’s Prayer and are taken up into its immeasurable breadth.Matt 6:9-139 Pray then like this: "Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name. 10 Your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. 11 Give us this day our daily bread, 12 and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. 13 And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.太6：9-139所以你們要這樣祈禱：‘我們在天上的父，願你的名被尊為聖，10願你的國降臨，願你的旨意成就在地上，如同在天上一樣。11我們每天所需的食物，求你今天賜給我們；12赦免我們的罪，好像我們饒恕了得罪我們的人；13不要讓我們陷入試探，救我們脫離那惡者。’9 Pray then like this: “Our Father in heaven”9所以你們要這樣祈禱：‘我們在天上的父，Hallowed be your name.願你的名被尊為聖，[Video: Gyeong Ju Cun from North Korea, determined to go back as a missionary.]10 Your kingdom come10願你的國降臨，Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.願你的旨意成就在地上，如同在天上一樣。11 Give us this day our daily bread11我們每天所需的食物，求你今天賜給我們；12 and forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors.12赦免我們的罪，好像我們饒恕了得罪我們的人；13 And lead us not into temptation.13不要讓我們陷入試探，George MacDonald: “The one principle of hell is ‘I am my own.’”But deliver us from evil.救我們脫離那惡者。George Whitfield: “the torment of burning like a livid coal, not for an instant or for a day, but for millions and millions of ages, at the end of which souls will realise that they are no closer to the end than when they first begun, and they will never, ever be delivered from that place.”ConclusionNate Saint: “And people who do not know the Lord ask why in the world we waste our lives as missionaries. They forget that they too are expending their lives... and when the bubble has burst they will have nothing of eternal significance to show for the years they have wasted.”
