Silence安靜Sabbath安息日Community社區Confession認罪Submission順服Service服事Saint Basil (330–379):Fasting gives birth to prophets and strengthens the powerful; fasting makes lawgivers wise. Fasting is a good safeguard for the soul, a steadfast companion for the body, a weapon for the valiant, and a gymnasium for athletes.聖羅勒 (330–379):禁食產生先知并強化有力量之人；禁食使立法之人明智。禁食是靈魂強有力的保障，是身體堅強的同伴，是勇士的武器，是運動員的體育館。What is fasting? 什麼是禁食？Why fast?為什麼要禁食？1. Jesus taught his disciples to fast 1. 耶穌教導他的門徒禁食(Matt 6:3, 6, 17-18) 3 But when you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, 6 But when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you. 17 But when you fast, anoint your head and wash your face, 18 that your fasting may not be seen by others but by your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.(馬太 6:3, 6, 17-18) 3 你施捨的時候，不要讓左手知道右手所作的，6 但你祈禱的時候，要進到密室裡去，關上門，向在隱密中的父祈禱。你父在隱密中察看，必定報答你。17 可是你禁食的時候，要梳頭洗臉，18 不要叫人看出你在禁食，只讓在隱密中的父看見。你父在隱密中察看，必定報答你。(Matt 9:14-15) Then the disciples of John came to him, saying, "Why do we and the Pharisees fast, but your disciples do not fast?” 15 And Jesus said to them, "Can the wedding guests mourn as long as the bridegroom is with them? The days will come when the bridegroom is taken away from them, and then they will fast. (馬太 9:14-15)14 那時，約翰的門徒前來問耶穌：“為甚麼我們和法利賽人常常禁食，你的門徒卻不禁食呢？”15 耶穌回答：“新郎跟賓客在一起的時候，賓客怎能哀痛呢？但到了時候，新郎就要從他們中間被取去，那時他們就要禁食了。2. Throughout the Bible fasting is practiced by God’s people 總覽聖經，上帝的子民也禁食(Acts 13:2) While they were worshiping the Lord and fasting, the Holy Spirit said, “Set apart for me Barnabas and Saul for the work to which I have called them.”他們事奉主，並且禁食的時候，聖靈說：“要為我把巴拿巴和掃羅分別出來，去作我呼召他們作的工。”(Joel 2:12) "Yet even now," declares the LORD, "return to me with all your heart, with fasting, with weeping, and with mourning;”耶和華說：“現在雖然如此，你們仍要全心全意，以禁食、哭泣、哀號，歸向我。”(Nehemiah 1:4) As soon as I heard these words I sat down and wept and mourned for days, and I continued fasting and praying before the God of heaven.我聽見了這些事，就坐下哭泣，悲傷了好幾天，在天上的　神面前禁食禱告，(Daniel 9:3) Then I turned my face to the Lord God, seeking him by prayer and pleas for mercy with fasting and sackcloth and ashes.於是我轉向主　神，禁食，披麻蒙灰，藉祈禱和懇求尋求他。3. Fasting draws us closer to God 禁食使我們與神更親近Mike Bickle:We do not fast to motivate God to pay attention to us, but to receive the affection He already has for us—it is not to move His heart, but our own.我們禁食不是為了提醒上帝來關注我們，而是接收神已經給予我們的愛— 不是為了改變神的心，而是我們的。4. Fasting brings freedom 禁食帶來自由John Piper:[Fasting] reveals the measure of food’s mastery over us — or television or computers or whatever we submit to again and again to conceal the weakness of our hunger for God. And she remedies by intensifying the earnestness of our prayer and saying with our whole body what prayer says with the heart: I long to be satisfied in God alone!John Piper:禁食揭示事物對我們的掌控程度—或者電視機或者電腦或者任何我們一再地被其控制以至於遮蓋了我們渴慕上帝的弱點。她通過增強我們禱告的真誠性來補救，并與我們的身心靈一起在禱告中宣告：我只渴望在上帝那裡得到滿足！5. Fasting can be a blessing to others 禁食可以祝福他人The Shepherd of Hermas (140AD):…in the day on which you fast you will taste nothing but bread and water; and having reckoned up the price of the dishes of that day which you intended to have eaten, you will give it to a widow, or an orphan, or to some person in want.赫馬斯牧羊人(140AD) :在禁食的日子，你只吃麵包和水；你計算出本來要吃的飯菜的價格，把這筆錢送給一個寡婦，或一個孤兒，或一位有需求的人。6. Fasting reminds us of eternity 禁食提醒我們永恆David Mathis:We fast in this life because we believe in the life to come. We don’t have to get it all here and now, because we have a promise that we will have it all in the coming age. We fast from what we can see and taste, because we have tasted and seen the goodness of the invisible and infinite God — and are desperately hungry for more of him.David Mathis:我們在此生禁食因為我們相信來世。我們無需在此生得到一切，因為我們有在來生得到所有的應許。我們從可以看到和嘗到的食物方面禁食，因為我們已經品嘗到并看到無形和無限的上帝的美好—並且極度地對上帝渴慕更多。How do I start? 我如何開始？ 1. Start small 從小處開始2. Plan what you’ll do 計劃你要做的3. Consider different ways to fast 考慮不同的禁食方式- Fasting from social media- Fasting from television & movies- Fasting from our phones- Fasting from the news- Fasting from our wantsRev. Jacqui King: I'm not skipping a meal because in place of that meal I'm actually dining with God.我沒有不吃飯，因為那一餐是我在與上帝共食。
