Is there hope beyond the grave?"I collapsed during a class presentation one day. All breathing and blood circulation stopped. I felt as if I was plummeting down an endless hole while my peers cried for help. I was revived and still have no memory of the little bit of time before and after my death.”"I do remember a little bit of the ambulance ride, but not from my own body. It was seriously the strangest thing I have ever experienced. It could have been a dream, but I saw my own unconscious body, completely flatlined, in the ambulance.What will we be after we die?(Luke 24:1-9)1 But on the first day of the week, at early dawn, they went to the tomb, taking the spices they had prepared.2 And they found the stone rolled away from the tomb,3 but when they went in they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. 4 While they were perplexed about this, behold, two men stood by them in dazzling apparel. 5And as they were frightened and bowed their faces to the ground, the men said to them, "Why do you seek the living among the dead?6 He is not here, but has risen. Remember how he told you, while he was still in Galilee,7 that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men and be crucified and on the third day rise." 8 And they remembered his words, 9 and returning from the tomb they told all these things to the eleven and to all the rest（路加福音24:1-9）禮拜日大清早的時候，婦女們帶著預備好的香料，來到墳墓那裡，2發現石頭已經從墳墓輥開了，3就進去，卻找不著主耶穌的身體。4她們正為此事猜疑的時候，忽然有兩個人，穿著閃爍耀目的衣服，站在她們旁邊。5她們害怕，把臉伏在地上。那兩個人對她們說：“為甚麼在死人中找活人呢？6他不在這裡，已經復活了。你們應當記得他還在加利利的時候，怎樣告訴你們，7說：人子必須被交在罪人手裡，釘在十字架上，第三日復活。8她們就想起他的話，9於是從墳地回去，把這一切事告訴十一個使徒和其餘的人。(I Corinthians 15:20) But in fact Christ has been raised from the dead, the first fruits of those who have fallen asleep.（林前15:20）現在基督已經從死人中復活，成為睡了的人初熟的果子。(Philippians 1:21-23) For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain. 22 If I am to live in the flesh, that means fruitful labor for me. Yet which I shall choose I cannot tell. 23 I am hard pressed between the two. My desire is to depart and be with Christ, for that is far better（腓1:21-23）因為我活著就是基督，我死了就有益處。22 但如果我仍在世上活著，能夠使我的工作有成果，我就不知道應該怎樣選擇了！23 我處於兩難之間，情願離世與基督同在，因為那是好得無比的But But what will we be like?(Phil 3:20-21) But our citizenship is in heaven, and from it we await a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, 21who will transform our lowly body to be like his glorious body, by the power that enables him even to subject all things to himself.（腓3:20-21）但我們是天上的公民，切望救主，就是主耶穌基督，從天上降臨；21他要運用那使萬有歸服自己的大能，改變我們這卑賤的身體，和他榮耀的身體相似。Double-click to edit(1 Cor 15:51-53) Behold! I tell you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed, 52 in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised imperishable, and we shall be changed. 53 For this perishable body must put on the imperishable, and this mortal body must put on immortality.（林前15:51-53）我現在把一個奧祕告訴你們：我們不是都要睡覺，而是在一剎那，眨眼之間，就是號角最後一次吹響的時候，我們都要改變；因為號角要吹響，死人要復活，成為不朽壞的，我們也要改變。53 這必朽壞的必須穿上不朽壞的，這必死的必須穿上不死的；(2 Corinthians 4:16-18) So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away, our inner self is being renewed day by day. 17 For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison, 18 as we look not to the things that are seen but to the things that are unseen. For the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal.（林後4:16-18） 所以，我們並不沮喪，我們外面的人雖然漸漸朽壞，但裡面的人卻日日更新，17 因為我們短暫輕微的患難，是要為我們成就極大無比、永遠的榮耀。18 我們所顧念的，不是看得見的，而是看不見的；因為看得見的是暫時的，看不見的是永遠的。This is what gives us hope when all hope is goneDouble-click to edit
