Jesus and the adulterous woman耶穌與犯姦淫的婦女(John 8:1-11) but Jesus went to the Mount of Olives. 2 Early in the morning he came again to the temple. All the people came to him, and he sat down and taught them. 3 The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman who had been caught in adultery, and placing her in the midst 4 they said to him, “Teacher, this woman has been caught in the act of adultery. 5 Now in the Law, Moses commanded us to stone such women. So what do you say?” 6 This they said to test him, that they might have some charge to bring against him. Jesus bent down and wrote with his finger on the ground. 7 And as they continued to ask him, he stood up and said to them, “Let him who is without sin among you be the first to throw a stone at her.” 8 And once more he bent down and wrote on the ground. 9 But when they heard it, they went away one by one, beginning with the older ones, and Jesus was left alone with the woman standing before him. 10 Jesus stood up and said to her, “Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?” 11 She said, “No one, Lord.” And Jesus said, “Neither do I condemn you; go, and from now on sin no more.”（約翰8:1-11）1 耶穌往橄欖山去。2 黎明的時候，他又到聖殿去，眾人都來到他那裡，他就坐下教導他們。3 經學家和法利賽人帶了一個行淫時被抓到的婦人來，叫她站在中間，4 就對耶穌說：“先生，這婦人是正在犯姦淫的時候被抓到的。5 摩西在律法上吩咐我們把這樣的婦人用石頭打死，你怎樣說呢？”6 他們說這話是要試探耶穌，要找把柄來控告他。耶穌卻彎下身，用指頭在地上寫字。7 他們不住地問耶穌，他就挺起身來，說：“你們中間誰是沒有罪的，他就可以先拿起石頭打她。”8 於是又彎下身在地上寫字。9 他們聽了這話，就從年老的開始，一個一個地都離開了，留下的只有耶穌和那個還站在那裡的婦人。10 耶穌挺起身來，問她：“婦人，他們在哪裡？沒有人定你的罪嗎？”11 她說：“主啊！沒有。”耶穌說：“我也不定你的罪。走吧，從現在起不要再犯罪了。”1. How should the church deal with sexual immorality? 教會應該如何處理淫亂的問題？2. Weren’t the scribes and Pharisees simply wanting to obey God’s law? 文士和法利賽人不就是想遵守上帝的律法嗎？(Lev 20:10) “If a man commits adultery with the wife of his neighbour, both the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death.” （利20:10）“如果有人與別人的妻子通姦，就是與鄰舍的妻子通姦，姦夫和淫婦都要處死。” “Everything we judge in others is something within ourselves that we don't want to face.” “我們對別人的一切論斷，其實都是我們自己不想面對的東西。”Dietrich Bonhoeffer: If when we judged others, our real motive was to destroy evil, we should look for evil where it is certain to be found, and that is in our own hearts. But if we are on the look-out for evil in others, our real motive is obviously to justify ourselves.Dietrich Bonhoeffer: “如果當我們論斷別人時，真正的動機是摧毀邪惡，我們應該在可以發現邪惡之處去尋找它，也就是我們的內心。但是如果我們是從別人那裡尋找邪惡，我們真正的動機顯然是自證為義。”3. Why does no one condemn the woman? 為什麼沒有人定這婦人的罪？Double-click to editJonathan Edwards: Resolved, to act, in all respects, both speaking and doing, as if nobody had been so vile as I, and as if I had committed the same sins, or had the same infirmities or failings as others; and that I will let the knowledge of their failings promote nothing but shame in myself, and prove only an occasion of my confessing my own sins and misery to God.Jonathan Edwards：“決心行事，在各方面，無論言行，仿佛沒有人如我這般邪惡，好像我犯了同樣的罪，或者像他人一樣犯了同樣的錯誤或失敗；我會讓他人的失敗使我自己感到羞恥，並且只能證明我向上帝承認自己的罪和痛苦。”Double-click to editGeorge Whitefield: “There, but for the grace of God, go I.” George Whitefield：“若非上帝的恩典，我也會如此。”4. Why does Jesus not condemn? 為什麼耶穌不定罪？(John 3:17) “For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but in order that the world might be saved through him.”（約翰3:17）“因為　神差他的兒子到世上來，不是要定世人的罪，而是要使世人藉著他得救。”(2 Corinthians 5:10) “For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, so that each one may receive what is due for what he has done in the body, whether good or evil.”（哥後5:10）“因為我們眾人都必須在基督的審判臺前顯露出來，使各人按著本身所行的，或善或惡，受到報應。”(1 Corinthians 6:2) “Or do you not know that the saints will judge the world?”（哥前6:2）“你們不知道聖徒要審判世界嗎？”Double-click to edit
