Who is in control?Paul Auster: The world is so unpredictable. Things happen suddenly, unexpectedly. We want to feel we are in control of our own existence. In some ways we are, in some ways we're not. We are ruled by the forces of chance and coincidence.(John 6:37-46)37 All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never cast out. 38 For I have come down from heaven, not to do my own will but the will of him who sent me. 39 And this is the will of him who sent me, that I should lose nothing of all that he has given me, but raise it up on the last day. 40 For this is the will of my Father, that everyone who looks on the Son and believes in him should have eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day." 41 So the Jews grumbled about him, because he said, "I am the bread that came down from heaven." 42 They said, "Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How does he now say, 'I have come down from heaven'?" 43Jesus answered them, "Do not grumble among yourselves.44 No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him. And I will raise him up on the last day. 45 It is written in the Prophets, ‘And they will all be taught by God.’ Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me-- 46 not that anyone has seen the Father except he who is from God; he has seen the Father.      37	凡是父賜給我的人，必到我這裡來；到我這裡來的，我決不丟棄他，38 因為我從天上降下來，不是要行自己的意思，而是要行那差我來者的旨意   39 那差我來者的旨意就是：他所賜給我的人，我連一個也不失落，並且在末日我要使他們復活。 40 因為我父的旨意，是要使所有看見了子而信的人有永生，並且在末日我要使他們復活。”   41 猶太人因為耶穌說“我是從天上降下來的食物”，就紛紛議論他。  42	他們說：“這不是約瑟的兒子耶穌嗎？他的父母我們不都認識嗎？他現在怎麼說‘我是從天上降下來的’呢？”  43	耶穌回答：“你們不要彼此議論。  44	如果不是差我來的父吸引人，就沒有人能到我這裡來；到我這裡來的，在末日我要使他復活。45 先知書上記著：‘眾人都必受　神的教導。’凡聽見從父那裡來的教訓而又學習的，必到我這裡來。 46 這不是說有人見過父；只有從　神那裡來的那一位，他才見過父。1. God is in control37 All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never cast out.37	凡是父賜給我的人，必到我這裡來；到我這裡來的，我決不丟棄他，(Isa 53:2) For he grew up before him like a young plant, and like a root out of dry ground; he had no form or majesty that we should look at him, and no beauty that we should desire him. （賽53:2）他在耶和華面前如嫩芽生長起來，像根出於乾旱之地；他沒有佳形，也沒有威儀，好叫我們仰慕他；他也沒有美貌，使我們被他吸引。44 No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him.44	如果不是差我來的父吸引人，就沒有人能到我這裡來；到我這裡來的，在末日我要使他復活。45 It is written in the Prophets, 'And they will all be taught by God.’ Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me.45	先知書上記著：‘眾人都必受　神的教導。’凡聽見從父那裡來的教訓而又學習的，必到我這裡來。2. But if God controls everything,     where is our freedom?38 For I have come down from heaven, not to do my own will but the will of him who sent me. 38	因為我從天上降下來，不是要行自己的意思，而是要行那差我來者的旨意C.S. Lewis: You must picture me alone in that room in Magdalen, night after night, feeling, whenever my mind lifted even for a second from my work, the steady, unrelenting approach of Him whom I so earnestly desired not to meet. That which I greatly feared had at last come upon me. In the Trinity Term of 1929 I gave in, and admitted that God was God, and knelt and prayed: perhaps, that night, the most dejected and reluctant convert in all England. The hardness of God is kinder than the softness of men, and His compulsion is our liberation.3. But I don’t want to give up        control over my lifeThomas a Kempis: Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.40 For this is the will of my Father, that everyone who looks on the Son and believes in him should have eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day.”40	因為我父的旨意，是要使所有看見了子而信的人有永生，並且在末日我要使他們復活。”4. But what if I still find it     hard to trust God?41 So the Jews grumbled about him, because he said, "I am the bread that came down from heaven." 42 They said, "Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How does he now say, 'I have come down from heaven’?" 41	猶太人因為耶穌說“我是從天上降下來的食物”，就紛紛議論他。42	他們說：“這不是約瑟的兒子耶穌嗎？他的父母我們不都認識嗎？他現在怎麼說‘我是從天上降下來的’呢？”(Nobel Prize Winner) Pearl S. Buck: “Love cannot be forced, love cannot be coaxed and teased. It comes out of heaven, unasked and unsought.”44 No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him. And I will raise him up on the last day.44	如果不是差我來的父吸引人，就沒有人能到我這裡來；到我這裡來的，在末日我要使他復活。45 It is written in the Prophets, ‘And they will all be taught by God.’ Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me—45	先知書上記著：‘眾人都必受　神的教導。’凡聽見從父那裡來的教訓而又學習的，必到我這裡來。
