More than EnoughJohn 6:1-151 After this Jesus went away to the other side of the Sea of Galilee, which is the Sea of Tiberias. 2 And a large crowd was following him, because they saw the signs that he was doing on the sick. 3 Jesus went up on the mountain, and there he sat down with his disciples. 4 Now the Passover, the feast of the Jews, was at hand. 5 Lifting up his eyes, then, and seeing that a large crowd was coming toward him, Jesus said to Philip, "Where are we to buy bread, so that these people may eat?"6 He said this to test him, for he himself knew what he would do. 7 Philip answered him, "Two hundred denarii would not buy enough bread for each of them to get a little." 8 One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him, 9 "There is a boy here who has five barley loaves and two fish, but what are they for so many?"10 Jesus said, "Have the people sit down." Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, about five thousand in number. 11 Jesus then took the loaves, and when he had given thanks, he distributed them to those who were seated. So also the fish, as much as they wanted. 12 And when they had eaten their fill, he told his disciples, "Gather up the leftover fragments, that nothing may be lost." 13 So they gathered them up and filled twelve baskets with fragments from the five barley loaves left by those who had eaten. 14 When the people saw the sign that he had done, they said, "This is indeed the Prophet who is to come into the world!" 15 Perceiving then that they were about to come and take him by force to make him king, Jesus withdrew again to the mountain by himself.約翰6:1-151 這些事以後，耶穌渡過加利利海，就是提比里亞海。2 有一大群人，因為看見了他在病人身上所行的神蹟，就跟隨了他。3 耶穌上了山，同門徒坐在那裡。4 那時猶太人的逾越節近了。5 耶穌舉目觀看，見一大群人向他走過來，就對腓力說：“我們從哪裡買餅給這些人吃呢？”6 他說這話，是要試驗腓力，因他自己早已知道要怎樣作。7 腓力回答：“就算二百銀幣買的餅，每人分一點，也是不夠的。”8 有一個門徒，就是西門．彼得的弟弟安得烈，對耶穌說：9 “這裡有個小孩子，帶著五個大麥餅、兩條魚；只是分給這麼多人，有甚麼用呢？”10 耶穌吩咐他們：“你們叫眾人坐下。”原來那地方的草很多，眾人就坐下，單是男人的數目約有五千。11 耶穌拿起餅來，祝謝了，就分給坐著的人；分魚也是這樣，都是隨著他們所要的。12 他們吃飽了之後，耶穌對門徒說：“把剩下的零碎收拾起來，免得浪費。”13 門徒就把眾人吃剩那五個大麥餅的零碎收拾起來，裝滿了十二個籃子。14 眾人看見耶穌所行的神蹟，就說：“這真是那要到世上來的先知。”15 耶穌知道群眾要來強迫他作王，就獨自又退到山上去了。1. If Christ is king, why do we face challenges?1 After this Jesus went away to the other side of the Sea of Galilee, which is the Sea of Tiberias. 1 這些事以後，耶穌渡過加利利海，就是提比里亞海。5 Lifting up his eyes, then, and seeing that a large crowd was coming toward him, Jesus said to Philip, “Where are we to buy bread, so that these people may eat?”5 耶穌舉目觀看，見一大群人向他走過來，就對腓力說：“我們從哪裡買餅給這些人吃呢？”6 He said this to test him, for he himself knew what he would do.6 他說這話，是要試驗腓力，因他自己早已知道要怎樣作。2. What should we do when we face challenges?7 Philip answered him, “Two hundred denarii worth of bread would not be enough for each of them to get a little.” 7 腓力回答：“就算二百銀幣買的餅，每人分一點，也是不夠的。”8 One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him, 9 “There is a boy here who has five barley loaves and two fish, but what are they for so many?” 8 有一個門徒，就是西門．彼得的弟弟安得烈，對耶穌說： 9 “這裡有個小孩子，帶著五個大麥餅、兩條魚；只是分給這麼多人，有甚麼用呢？10 Jesus said, “Have the people sit down.” Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, about five thousand in number. 11 Jesus then took the loaves, and when he had given thanks, he distributed them to those who were seated. So also the fish, as much as they wanted. 10 耶穌吩咐他們：“你們叫眾人坐下。”原來那地方的草很多，眾人就坐下，單是男人的數目約有五千。11 耶穌拿起餅來，祝謝了，就分給坐著的人；分魚也是這樣，都是隨著他們所要的。12 And when they had eaten their fill, he told his disciples, "Gather up the leftover fragments, that nothing may be lost." 13 So they gathered them up and filled twelve baskets with fragments from the five barley loaves left by those who had eaten.12 他們吃飽了之後，耶穌對門徒說：“把剩下的零碎收拾起來，免得浪費。”13 門徒就把眾人吃剩那五個大麥餅的零碎收拾起來，裝滿了十二個籃子。3. What does it mean to have Christ as king?2 And a large crowd was following him, because they saw the signs that he was doing on the sick.2 有一大群人，因為看見了他在病人身上所行的神蹟，就跟隨了他。14 When the people saw the sign that he had done, they said, "This is indeed the Prophet who is to come into the world!”14 眾人看見耶穌所行的神蹟，就說：“這真是那要到世上來的先知。”(Deut 18:15) Moses continued, “The Lord your God will raise up for you a prophet like me from among your fellow Israelites. You must listen to him. （申18:15）“耶和華你的　神要從你中間，就是從你的眾兄弟中間，給你興起一位先知來，像我一樣；你們要聽從他。3 Jesus went up on the mountain, and there he sat down with his disciples. 4 Now the Passover, the feast of the Jews, was at hand. 3 耶穌上了山，同門徒坐在那裡。4 那時猶太人的逾越節近了。15 Perceiving then that they were about to come and take him by force to make him king, Jesus withdrew again to the mountain by himself.15 耶穌知道群眾要來強迫他作王，就獨自又退到山上去了。
