No reason to fear6.  Fear of failure 7.  Fear of rejection8.  Fear of commitment9.  Fear of loneliness10.  Fear of the unknownJohn 6:16-2116 When evening came, his disciples went down to the sea, 17 got into a boat, and started across the sea to Capernaum. It was now dark, and Jesus had not yet come to them. 18 The sea became rough because a strong wind was blowing. 19 When they had rowed about three or four miles, they saw Jesus walking on the sea and coming near the boat, and they were frightened. 20 But he said to them, "It is I; do not be afraid." 21 Then they were glad to take him into the boat, and immediately the boat was at the land to which they were going.約翰 6:16-2116  到了晚上，他的門徒下到海邊去。17  他們上了船，要渡海往迦百農去。那時天已經黑了，耶穌還沒有到他們那裡。18  忽然海上起了狂風，波浪翻騰。19  門徒搖櫓約行了五六公里，看見耶穌在海面上行走，漸漸靠近船，就害怕起來。20  耶穌對他們說：“是我，不要怕。”21  他們這才把他接上船，船就立刻到了他們要去的地方。1. Why do we fear? 16 When evening came, his disciples went down to the sea, 17 got into a boat, and started across the sea to Capernaum. It was now dark, and Jesus had not yet come to them. 18 The sea became rough because a strong wind was blowing.16 到了晚上，他的門徒下到海邊去。17 他們上了船，要渡海往迦百農去。那時天已經黑了，耶穌還沒有到他們那裡。18 忽然海上起了狂風，波浪翻騰。How do your fears make you stronger?They identify your self-imposed limitations.They show you what's important to you. They help you become who God created you to be. Sabrina Ward Harrison: “I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.”2. What do we fear?19 When they had rowed about three or four miles, they saw Jesus walking on the sea and coming near the boat, and they were frightened.19  門徒搖櫓約行了五六公里，看見耶穌在海面上行走，漸漸靠近船，就害怕起來。(Isaiah 6:5) Then I said, "Woe is me, for I am ruined! Because I am a man of unclean lips, And I live among a people of unclean lips; For my eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts."以賽亞書6:5那時我說：“我有禍了，我滅亡了！因為我是個嘴唇不潔的人，又住在嘴唇不潔的人民中間，又因為我親眼看見了大君王萬軍之耶和華。”Oswald Chambers: “The remarkable thing about God is that when you fear God, you fear nothing else, whereas if you do not fear God, you fear everything else.”(Matt 10:28) And do not fear those who kill the body but cannot kill the soul. Rather fear him who can destroy both soul and body in hell.馬太福音10:28 那些殺身體卻不能殺靈魂的，不要怕他們；倒要怕那位能把靈魂和身體都投入地獄裡的。3. Why is there no fear if God is with us?20 But he said to them, "It is I; do not be afraid." 20  耶穌對他們說：“是我，不要怕。”21 Then they were glad to take him into the boat, and immediately the boat was at the land to which they were going.21  他們這才把他接上船，船就立刻到了他們要去的地方。
