Freedom from the past從過去得自由Double-click to editDwight L. Moody: The voice of sin is loud, but the voice of forgiveness is louder.Dwight L. Moody: “罪的聲音響亮，但饒恕的聲音更大。”(Romans 8:1) There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus.（羅8:1）如今那些在基督耶穌裡的、就不定罪了。Double-click to editYou are our baby, I will never forget you. From the bottom of my heart, I ask forgiveness forever and ever.“你是我們的寶貝，我永遠不會忘記你。從我內心深處，我永遠請求原諒。”A. The stronghold of guilt罪疚的堅固營壘Rosamund Lupton: I get up and pace the room, as if I can leave my guilt behind me. But it tracks me as I walk, an ugly shadow made by myself.Rosamund Lupton：“我起身走進房間，好像我可以將罪咎留在身後。但是它如影隨形，這是我自己造出的一個醜陋的身影。”Maureen Johnson: Guilt is a weight that will crush you whether you deserve it or not.Maureen Johnson：“罪疚感是一個重擔，它可以壓垮你，無論你是否該得此後果。”B. Consequences of the stronghold of guilt罪疚的後果1. Hopelessness 絕望(2 Cor 7:10) For godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death.（哥後7:10）因為依著　神的意思憂愁、就生出沒有後悔的懊悔來、以致得救．但世俗的憂愁、是叫人死。2. Anger 憤怒Dr. Leon F Seltzer: With very few exceptions, the angry people I've worked with have suffered from significant self-image deficits. Regardless of their professional achievements, however, almost all of them have been afflicted by an "I'm not good enough" program.Dr. Leon F Seltzer：“除了極少數例外，我曾經輔導過的憤怒之人都遭受了嚴重的自我形象缺陷。無論他們的專業成就如何，幾乎所有人都受到“我不夠好”這種想法的打擊。”3. Insecurity 不安全感C. Steps to overcoming the stronghold of the past克服過去堅固營壘的步驟1. Repent 悔改2. Receive God’s forgiveness接受神的饒恕(1 John 1:9) If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.（約翰一書1:9）我們若認自己的罪、神是信實的、是公義的、必要赦免我們的罪、洗淨我們一切的不義。(Phil 3:13) Brothers, I do not consider that I have made it my own. But one thing I do: forgetting what lies behind and straining forward to what lies ahead.（腓3:13）弟兄們、我不是以為自己已經得著了．我只有一件事、就是忘記背後努力面前的、3. Forgive yourself 原諒自己(Colossians 3:13) bearing with one another and, if one has a complaint against another, forgiving each other; as the Lord has forgiven you, so you also must forgive.（西3:13）倘若這人與那人有嫌隙、總要彼此包容、彼此饒恕．主怎樣饒恕了你們、你們也要怎樣饒恕人。4. Remain in God's Love 留在神的愛中Rev. Mike Fehlauer: You will never escape the past if you allow your actions to define your worth. Only when we discover God's unconditional love for us, can we begin to feel a sense of worth and significance - not in what we do, but in what He has already done for us.Rev. Mike Fehlauer：“如果你以行為來定義自身的價值，那你永遠也不可能從過去逃離出來。只有當我們發現上帝對我們那無條件的愛時，才開始感受到一種價值和意義—不是因著我們做了什麼，而是神已經為我們所做的。”5. Know your enemy 認識你的仇敵6. Realise the battle is already won認知主已得勝(John 16:33) I have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world.（約翰16:33）我將這些事告訴你們、是要叫你們在我裡面有平安。在世上你們有苦難．但你們可以放心、我已經勝了世界。7. Stand & fight 站立並爭戰(Proverbs 18:21) Death and life are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruits.（箴言18:21）生死在舌頭的權下、喜愛他的、必喫他所結的果子。"Amazing Grace" by Chris Tomlin'Twas grace that taught my heart to fearAnd grace my fears relievedHow precious did that grace appearThe hour I first believedMy chains are goneI've been set freeMy God, my Savior has ransomed meAnd like a flood His mercy reignsUnending love, amazing grace如此恩典 使我敬畏 使我心得安慰 初信之時 即蒙恩惠  真是何等寶貴不再有綑綁 我已得釋放 我救主耶穌 已付代價豐富恩典 今充滿我  永恆的愛 奇異恩典
