Pursuing holiness for our joy為喜樂而追求聖潔1 Peter 1:16 “Be holy, for I am holy.”彼前 1:16  “你們要聖潔，因為我是聖潔的。”Double-click to editDouble-click to editAW Tozer:Wise leaders should have known that the human heart cannot exist in a vacuum. If Christians are forbidden to enjoy the wine of the Spirit they will turn to the wine of the flesh….Christ died for our hearts and the Holy Spirit wants to come and satisfy them.AW Tozer：聰明的領導人應該知道，人類的心不可能是真空的。如果基督徒無法享受聖靈的美酒，他們會轉向肉體的葡萄酒……基督為我們的心而死，聖靈來為要滿足我們。The source of all happiness所有幸福的源泉John 1:5 The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.约翰福音1:5 “光照在黑暗里、黑暗却不接受光。”Psalm 16:11  You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore.诗篇16:11  “你必将生命的道路指示我．在你面前有满足的喜乐．在你右手中有永远的福乐。”Pursuing happiness 追求幸福Leviticus 11:44  For I am the Lord your God. Consecrate yourselves therefore, and be holy, for I am holy.利未记11:44  “我是耶和华你们的　神、所以你们要成为圣洁、因为我是圣洁的。”Double-click to editJ.C. Ryle:Holiness is the habit of being of one mind with God, according as we find His mind described in Scripture. It is the habit of agreeing in God’s judgment, hating what He hates, loving what He loves, and measuring everything in this world by the standard of His Word.聖潔是一種與神同在的習慣，根據我們尋見的在聖經中對祂的描述。同意神的審判是一個習慣，恨祂所恨，愛祂所愛，並且以祂話語的標準來衡量世界中的一切。Phil 3:8  Indeed, I count everything as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. For his sake I have suffered the loss of all things and count them as rubbish, in order that I may gain Christ.腓立比书 3:8  “不但如此、我也将万事当作有损的、因我以认识我主基督耶稣为至宝。我为他已经丢弃万事、看作粪土、为要得着基督．”Partnering with God如何與神同工？Double-click to editJerry Bridges: We are 100 percent responsible for the pursuit of holiness, but at the same time we are 100 percent dependent upon the Holy Spirit to enable us in that pursuit.在追求聖潔方面，我們要付百分百的責任，但同時也需要百分百地依靠聖靈來實現這個追求。（Rom 6:11-12）So you also must consider yourselves dead to sin and alive to God in Christ Jesus. 12 Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, to make you obey its passions.（罗马书 6:11-12）“这样、你们向罪也当看自己是死的．向　神在基督耶稣里、却当看自己是活的。所以不要容罪在你们必死的身上作王、使你们顺从身子的私欲。”Double-click to editKevin DeYoung:One of the central motivations for holiness in the New Testament is to be who you are, to understand your identity and your union in Christ and to live that way.在新約聖經中，追求聖潔的中心動機之一是做你自己，了解你的身份和與基督的合一，並以這種方式生活。
