Remembering the Saints紀念聖徒(Heb 11:32-12:2) And what more shall I say? For time would fail me to tell of Gideon, Barak, Samson, Jephthah, of David and Samuel and the prophets-- 33 who through faith conquered kingdoms, enforced justice, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, 34 quenched the power of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, were made strong out of weakness, became mighty in war, put foreign armies to flight. 35 Women received back their dead by resurrection. Some were tortured, refusing to accept release, so that they might rise again to a better life. 36 Others suffered mocking and flogging, and even chains and imprisonment. 37 They were stoned, they were sawn in two, they were killed with the sword. They went about in skins of sheep and goats, destitute, afflicted, mistreated-- 38 of whom the world was not worthy--wandering about in deserts and mountains, and in dens and caves of the earth. 39 And all these, though commended through their faith, did not receive what was promised, 40 since God had provided something better for us, that apart from us they should not be made perfect. 12:1 Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us also lay aside every weight, and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, 2 looking to Jesus, the founder and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is seated at the right hand of the throne of God.（希11:32-12:2）32  我還要再說甚麼呢？如果再要述說基甸、巴拉、參孫、耶弗他、大衛、撒母耳和眾先知的事，時間就不夠了。33   他們藉著信，就戰勝了敵國，伸張了正義，得到了應許，堵住了獅子的口，34  消滅了烈火的威力，逃脫了刀劍的鋒刃，軟弱變成剛強，在戰爭中顯出大能，把外國的軍隊擊退。35  有些婦女得回從死裡復活的親人；但也有些人忍受了酷刑，不肯接受釋放，為的是要得著更美的復活。36  又有些人遭受了戲弄、鞭打，甚至捆鎖、監禁；37  被石頭打死，被鋸鋸死，被刀殺死。他們披著綿羊山羊的皮到處奔跑、受窮乏、遭患難、被虐待；38  原是這世界不配有的人。他們飄流無定，在曠野、山嶺、石洞和地穴棲身。39  所有這些人都藉著信得了稱許，卻還沒有得著所應許的；40  因為　神已經為我們預備了更美的事，使他們若不跟我們在一起，就不能完全。1  所以，我們既然有這麼多的見證人，像雲彩圍繞著我們，就應該脫下各樣的拖累，和容易纏住我們的罪，以堅忍的心奔跑那擺在我們面前的賽程；2  專一注視耶穌，就是那位信心的創始者和完成者。他因為那擺在面前的喜樂，就忍受了十字架，輕看了羞辱，現在就坐在　神寶座的右邊。How should we remember the dead? 我們該如何紀念逝者？How did the Celtic festival Samhain become Halloween? 凱爾特節日Samhain 如何演變成為萬聖節？Should Christians celebrate Halloween? 基督徒可以慶祝萬聖節嗎？1. Historically Halloween activities were not always connected to the occult. 歷史上，萬聖節活動並非都與巫術聯繫在一起。2. Halloween and the ancient pagan festival of Samhain are not the same. 萬聖節和古代的異教節日Samhain是不同的。3. A Christian holiday having pagan connections does not mean it cannot be celebrated. 古代的異教聯繫並不意味著我們不能慶祝一個基督教節日。4. Contextualising the gospel (expressing the gospel in culturally relevant ways) is valid and necessary. 福音處境化（用文化適切的方式表達福音）是合理的也是必須的。How should we celebrate Halloween? 我們該如何慶祝萬聖節？1. Halloween is a time for us to remember Christian saints. 萬聖節是紀念基督教聖徒的節日。2. Halloween is a time for us to celebrate Christ’s victory over Satan. 萬聖節是我們慶祝基督戰勝撒旦的節日。(Col 2:15) In this way, he disarmed the spiritual rulers and authorities. He shamed them publicly by his victory over them on the cross.（西2:15）他既然靠著十字架勝過了一切執政掌權的，廢除了他們的權勢，就在凱旋的行列中，把他們公開示眾。Martin Luther: 	The best way to drive out the devil, if he will not yield to texts of Scripture, is to jeer and flout him, for he cannot bear scorn.	“驅除魔鬼的最好辦法，如果牠不屈服於聖經經文，就是嘲笑牠，因為牠不能忍受鄙視。”3. Halloween is a time for us to celebrate Christ’s victory over death. 萬聖節是我們慶祝基督戰勝死亡的節日。 (Revelation 1:18) I am the living one. I died, but look—I am alive forever and ever! And I hold the keys of death and the grave.（啟1:18）我是永活的；我曾經死過，看哪，現在又活著，直活到永永遠遠，並且拿著死亡和陰間的鑰匙。(Christian actor) Kirk Cameron:	Halloween gives you a great opportunity to show how Christians celebrate the day that death was defeated, and you can give them Gospel tracts and tell the story of how every ghost, goblin, witch and demon was trounced the day Jesus rose from the grave.(Christian actor) Kirk Cameron:	“萬聖節給你一個很好的機會來展示基督徒如何慶祝死亡被打敗的那一天，你可以給他們福音的小冊子，並講述在耶穌從墳墓裡出來的那一天，每個鬼怪，地精，女巫和惡魔是如何被打垮。”4. Do not violate your conscience. 不要違背你的良心。Pastor Matt Chandler:	Jesus created joy. Jesus created celebratory events. Jesus created laughter. Those things should be redeemed and used for Jesus. Now, there are obvious things you don’t want to take part in or that are sinfully beyond redemption. Dressing up inappropriately, taking part in anything demonic and sexual, drunken debauchery would all be wrong.But to simply laugh with friends, dress up and eat candy is not wrong. However, don’t violate your conscience. If you are uncomfortable with taking part in Halloween, then feel free to abstain. God doesn’t want you to do something you cannot do in faith (Rom. 14:23), but don’t judge those who do participate out of a good conscience. Although you “can” celebrate Halloween, it doesn’t mean that you necessarily ‘should’ or ‘have to.’ Allow the Lord to lead Christians in their own consciences regarding this holiday.Pastor Matt Chandler:	“耶穌創造了喜樂。 耶穌創造了慶祝活動。 耶穌創造了笑聲。 這些東西應該被贖回，並為耶穌而使用。現今會有些事情你不該參加，或者太罪惡而無法挽救。不適當地裝扮，參與任何關於邪靈、性和醉酒的放蕩都是錯誤的。”“可是僅僅跟朋友們一起歡笑、裝扮起來吃糖果則無可厚非。然而，不要違背你的良心。如果你感覺參與萬聖節活動會不平安，那隨時可以棄權。上帝不希望你做那些無法憑信心而做的事情（羅馬書14：23），但請不要論斷那些出於好意而參與萬聖節的人。雖然你“可以”慶祝萬聖節，但並不意味著你一定“應該”或“必須”去做。請允許主耶穌來引導信徒們決定是否參與慶祝這個節日。”
