The Discipline of Rest休息的操練(Exodus 20:8-10) Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. 9 Six days you shall labor, and do all your work, 10 but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God. On it you shall not do any work, you, or your son, or your daughter, your male servant, or your female servant, or your livestock, or the sojourner who is within your gates.(出埃及記 20:8-10)8 “要記念安息日，守為聖日。 9 六日要勞碌，作你一切工作。 10 但第七日是耶和華你的　神的安息日；這一日，你和你的兒女，你的僕婢和牲畜，以及住在你城裡的寄居者，不可作任何的工。(Hebrews 4:9-11) There remains, then, a Sabbath-rest for the people of God; 10 for anyone who enters God’s rest also rests from their works, just as God did from his. 11 Let us, therefore, make every effort to enter that rest, so that no one will perish by following their example of disobedience.(希伯来書4:9-11) 9 這樣看來，為了　神的子民，必定另外有一個“安息日”的安息保留下來。 10 因為那進入　神安息的人，就歇了自己的工作，好像　神歇了自己的工作一樣。 11 所以，我們要竭力進入那安息，免得有人隨著那不順從的樣子就跌倒了。1. The importance of rest 休息的重要性Are you a workaholic? 你是工作狂嗎？1.   Are you always in a hurry?       你總是急急忙忙嗎？2.   Do you spend much more time working than initially intended.       你用在工作上的時間比預期的多嗎？3.   Do you use days off to catch up with unfinished work?       你會在休息日加班未完成的工作嗎？4.   Has more than one person told you to slow down?       有不止一個人告訴你要放慢速度嗎？5.   Do you feel guilty when you relax?       你放鬆的時候會感到內咎嗎？6.   Do you cut down on hobbies and leisure activities in order to complete your work?       你是否為了要完成工作而減少業餘愛好和休閒活動？7.   Has your work negatively influenced your health?       你的工作是否對你的健康有負面影響？2. Why is rest a discipline?為什麼休息是一種操練？Double-click to editJames Bryan Smith: The number one enemy of Christian spiritual formation today is exhaustion. James Bryan Smith: “現今基督教靈性建造的頭號敵人是精疲力盡。”Double-click to editAmy Gannett:I have taken pride in my ability to do it all, to impress those around me, to impress myself, with how much I can accomplish in 24-hours. I eagerly add “just one more item” to my never ending to-do list in an effort to feel accomplished, and, somehow, to feel worthy of praise. I have always viewed rest as a privilege; but in reality, it is a discipline.Amy Gannett:“我看自己能在24小時內完成多少工作，我為能夠做到這一切感到自豪，為了給我周圍的人留下深刻的印象，也為了讓我自己感覺良好。我急切地給自己那永無止境的待辦事項列表再“多加一項而已”，試圖去感受成就，并感覺這是值得稱讚的。我一直把休息視為一項特權，可是實際上，這是一個操練。”3. Why does God command us to rest? 為什麼上帝要求我們休息？(Exodus 20:8-10) Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. 9 Six days you shall labor, and do all your work, 10 but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God. On it you shall not do any work.(出埃及記 20:8-10)8 “要記念安息日，守為聖日。 9 六日要勞碌，作你一切工作。 10 但第七日是耶和華你的　神的安息日；這一日，你和你的兒女，你的僕婢和牲畜，以及住在你城裡的寄居者，不可作任何的工。(Genesis 2:2) And on the seventh day God finished his work that he had done, and he rested on the seventh day from all his work that he had done.(創世紀2:2)2 第七日，　神完成了他所作的工；在第七日　神歇了他所作的一切工。(Romans 4:5) And to the one who does not work but believes in him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is counted as righteousness.(羅馬書4:5)5 可是，那不作工而只信那稱不敬虔的人為義的　神的，他的信就算為義了。Double-click to editJonathan Parnell:We can stop and trust him who justifies the ungodly. We can trust that when Jesus died in our place on the cross, he died to destroy all the anxieties of our lack, to still our ceaseless striving, to hush the winds of our self-justifying labor, to irrevocably connect us to the abundance of his grace we possess by his work, not ours.Jonathan Parnell:“我們可以停下來信靠那使不敬虔之人稱義的那一位。我們可以相信當耶穌為我們死在十字架上時，他為了消除我們因缺乏而產生的憂慮，為了平息我們不止息的勞力，為了遏制我們自我辯護的傾向，為了讓我們和祂豐盛的恩典相連，我們透過上帝所做的來擁有這種恩典，而非我們自己的工。”(Ephesians 1:4-5) Even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and blameless before him. In love he predestined us for adoption as sons through Jesus Christ, according to the purpose of his will.(以弗所書 1:4-5)4 就如創立世界以前，他在基督裡揀選了我們，使我們因著愛，在他面前成為聖潔，沒有瑕疵。 5 他又按著自己旨意所喜悅的，預定我們藉著耶穌基督得兒子的名分，Double-click to editPhilip Yancey: There is nothing we can do to make God love us more. There is nothing we can do to make God love us less. Philip Yancey: “我們無法使上帝更愛我們。我們也無法使上帝少愛我們。”How should we keep the Sabbath today?現今，我們該如何守安息日？1. Rest is an act of faith 休息是一種信心的行為Martin Luther: The spiritual rest, which God particularly intends in this Commandment, is this: that we not only cease from our labor and trade, but much more, that we let God alone work in us and that we do nothing of our own with all our powers. 馬丁路德：“上帝在這條誡命中特別強調的是：我們不僅停止了我們的工作與活動，還有更多的是讓上帝在我們裡面做工，我們不憑自己的力量做任何事情。”2. Rest is to affirm your identity as a son 休息是為了確認你作為上帝兒子的身份Double-click to editKarl Barth: A being is free only when it can determine and limit its activity. Karl Barth:一個人只有在能夠掌控并限制其活動時才是自由的。3. Rest is to recharge your body 休息是為了讓你的身體重新得力4. Find rest in creation 在創造中休息5. Find rest in God 安息在上帝裡
