The Discipline of Fellowship團契的操練Double-click to editWhy is fellowship important?團契為什麼重要？1. Fellowship is part of God’s nature 團契是神本質的一部分(Genesis 1:26) Then God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness. And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over the livestock and over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.”（創1:26）神說：“我們要照著我們的形象，按著我們的樣式造人；使他們管理海裡的魚、空中的鳥、地上的牲畜，以及全地，和地上所有爬行的生物！”(Author) Adele Calhoun: God is not a bachelor who lives alone. He is a holy community of three. And we express his nature best when we are in a community committed to growing and being transformed into Christlikeness.上帝不是獨居的單身漢。祂是三位一體的存在。當我們在一個致力於一起成長并越來越有基督樣式的團體時，最能體現出神的本質。2. We were created for community 我們需要群體生活(Ecclesiastes 4:9-10) Two are better than one, because they have a good reward for their toil. 10 For if they fall, one will lift up his fellow. But woe to him who is alone when he falls and has not another to lift him up!（傳4:9-10）二人勝過一人，因為他們一起的勞碌有美好的酬報。10 如果一個跌倒，另一個可以把他的同伴扶起來。但一人孤身跌倒，沒有別人把他扶起來，他就悲慘了。Dr. Ronald Rolheiser:We go to church so as not to be alone—alone in our joys, alone in our suffering, alone in the every-dayness of our lives, alone in the important passages of our lives. . . . We go to church to tell people we love them, and hopefully, to hear them tell us the same thing.我們去教堂是為了不再孤單——喜悅時不孤單，患難時不孤單，在生活中的每一天不孤單，在生活中的重要階段不孤單……我們去教會為了告訴人們我們愛他們，並且希望聽到他們告訴我們同樣的事情。3. Fellowship provides encouragement 團契帶給我們鼓勵(Hebrews 10:24-25) And let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works, 25 not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day drawing near.（希10:24-25）我們又應該彼此關心，激發愛心，勉勵行善。25 我們不可放棄聚會，好像有些人的習慣一樣；卻要互相勸勉。你們既然知道那日子臨近，就更應該這樣。Double-click to editIgnatius:Take heed to come together often to give thanks to God and show forth his praise. For when you assemble frequently in the same place, the powers of Satan are destroyed and the destruction at which he aims is prevented by the unity of your faith.請注意經常聚在一起向上帝表達感謝與讚美。因為當你們常常在同一個地方聚集，撒旦的力量會被摧毀，而牠想帶來的毀滅會因著你們信心的合一而受到阻止。4. Fellowship helps growth 團契幫助我們成長(1 Corinthians 14:26) What then, brothers? When you come together, each one has a hymn, a lesson, a revelation, a tongue, or an interpretation. Let all things be done for building up.（哥前14:26）弟兄們，那麼應該怎麼辦呢？你們聚集在一起的時候，各人或有詩歌，或有教訓，或有啟示，或有方言，或有翻譯出來的話，一切都應該能造就人。Double-click to edit5. Fellowship demonstrates God to the world 團契向世界彰顯神(John 13:35) By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.（約翰13:35）如果你們彼此相愛，眾人就會認出你們是我的門徒了。(1 John 4:11-12) Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another. 12 No one has ever seen God; if we love one another, God abides in us and his love is perfected in us.（約翰壹4:11-12）親愛的，神既然這樣愛我們，我們也應當彼此相愛。12 從來沒有人見過神，我們若彼此相愛，神就住在我們裡面，他的愛也在我們裡面得到成全了。Double-click to editDouble-click to editIt goes against the grain to give an image of oneself that is anything less than perfect, and many Christians imagine that they will be rejected by others if they admit to any faults. But nothing could be more destructive to Christian koinonia (fellowship) than the common practice today of pretending not to have any problems.對外表現自己的不完美是不合常理的，很多基督徒認為如果他們承認自己的過犯會遭到他人的拒絕。但是，對於基督教 koinonia（團契）來說，沒有什麼比現在假裝沒有任何問題的普遍做法更具破壞性。Fellowship is not “just about us” 團契不只是為我們自己(Acts 2:44-45) And all who believed were together and had all things in common. 45 And they were selling their possessions and belongings and distributing the proceeds to all, as any had need. （使2:44-45）所有信的人都在一起，凡物公用，45 並且變賣產業和財物，按照各人的需要分給他們。(Acts 2:46-47) And day by day, attending the temple together and breaking bread in their homes, they received their food with glad and generous hearts, 47 praising God and having favor with all the people. And the Lord added to their number day by day those who were being saved.（使2:46-47）他們天天同心在殿裡恆切地聚集，一家一家地擘餅，存著歡樂和誠懇的心用飯，47 又讚美神，並且得到全民的喜愛。主將得救的人，天天加給教會。Double-click to editDouble-click to editThe discipline of Fellowship 團契的操練Practice the “one anothers” in the Bible. 操練聖經中的“彼此”。Take part in a ministry. 參與服事。Engage in hospitality. 接待他人。Make peace. 和解。Participate in a small group. 參與小組。Prayer partner. 禱告同伴。Engage in missions. 參與宣教。Dietrich Bonhoeffer: The physical presence of other Christians is a source of incomparable joy and strength to the believer. A physical sign of the gracious presence of the triune God. How inexhaustible are the riches that open up for those who, by God’s will, are privileged to live in the daily fellowship of life with other Christians.其他基督徒的實際存在是信徒無可比擬的喜樂與力量的源泉。三位一體上帝之存在的物理標誌。那些遵行神旨意，享受與其他基督徒日常團契生活之人，為他們所敞開的財富是取之不盡用之不竭的。
