The 500th Anniversary of the Reformation宗教改革500週年(Eph 2:8-9) For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no one may boast.（弗2:8-9）你們得救是靠著恩典，藉著信心。這不是出於自己，而是神所賜的；這也不是出於行為，免得有人自誇。(John 17:11) And I am no longer in the world, but they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, keep them in your name, which you have given me, that they may be one, even as we are one.（約翰17:11）我不再在這世上，他們卻在這世上，我要到你那裡去。聖父啊，求你因你賜給我的名，保守他們，使他們合而為一，好像我們一樣。Luther’s account 路德的敘述What happened after October 31, 1517?  1517年10月31日之後發生了什麼？Double-click to editMartin Luther: Unless I can be instructed and convinced with evidence from the Holy Scriptures or with open, clear, and distinct grounds of reasoning… I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.Martin Luther: 除非是聖經或常理說服我，我的良心是神話語的俘虜。我不能，也不會改變任何信念。這是我的立場，求神幫助我。David Crumm: No other anniversary in our lifetimes can tell us more about our turbulent world today than the 500th anniversary of Martin Luther's explosive religious revolution.David Crumm: 在我們生命中沒有任何其他的紀念日可以像馬丁路德引發的宗教改革500年這般告訴我們更多關於這個動蕩的世界。Does the Reformation still matter to us today? 現今，宗教改革對我們還重要嗎？Double-click to edit(Eph 2:8-9) For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no one may boast. （弗2:8-9）你們得救是靠著恩典，藉著信心。這不是出於自己，而是神所賜的；這也不是出於行為，免得有人自誇。(1 Tim 2:5) For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus.（提前2:5）因為　神只有一位，在神和人中間也只有一位中保，就是降世為人的基督耶穌。(1 Corinthians 10:31) So, whether you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.（哥前10:31）所以，你們或吃喝，或作甚麼，一切都要為神的榮耀而行。Carlos Eire:What Martin Luther set in motion in 1517 not only changed the world as it was then; it still continues to shape our world today and to define who we are.馬丁路德在1517年提出的議案不僅改變了曾經的世界， 它仍然繼續塑造我們今天的世界，並定義了我們是誰。Bishop Kevin C. Rhoades:Together we believe that Christ calls all His disciples to unity. We know that this is a great challenge, especially after 500 years of separation. The Second Vatican Council stated that our division ‘openly contradicts the will of Christ, provides a stumbling block to the world, and inflicts damage on the most holy cause of proclaiming the Good News to every creature’.Bishop Kevin C. Rhoades:我們共同相信基督要祂所有的門徒合一。我們知道這是個巨大的挑戰，特別是經過了500年的分離。第二屆梵蒂岡理事會指出我們的分離是“公開地與基督的意志相抵觸，給世界帶來了一個絆腳石，對將福音傳講給天下萬民聽這一最神聖的事工造成了損害。”There is a communion among us which already exists, though it is imperfect. The central mystery of Christian faith and life is the mystery of the Most Holy Trinity. We share this Trinitarian faith. We share faith in the Incarnate Son of God, in Jesus as Our Lord and Redeemer. We both honor Sacred Scripture as the inspired Word of God. We share faith in all the articles of the Apostles’ and Nicene Creeds. The common faith that we already share should not be taken for granted nor considered unimportant.我們之間有一個已經存在的聖餐，儘管它是不完美的。 基督教信仰和生命的中心奧秘是最神聖之三位一體的奧秘。 我們分享這個三位一體的信仰。我們都相信耶穌是上帝的兒子，祂是我們的主和救贖。我們都尊重聖經作為神啟示的話語。我們都相信使徒們寫的文章和尼西亞信經。我們共同的信仰不該被認為是理所當然的，也不可認為是不重要的。Dr. Steven Timmermans:The Protestant Reformation was both necessary and unfortunate. Necessary, because the Roman Catholic church, at that time in history, needed some biblical correctives. Unfortunate, because things had become so bad that a split was unavoidable. So, as we prepare to commemorate the 500th anniversary, I suggest that this year and every year we remember with a bit of sadness that while the Reformation was necessary, it was also unfortunate and that we respond with gratitude, knowing that God’s truth endures, through his Word and in his Church, whether we call ourselves Protestant, Catholic or Orthodox.Dr. Steven Timmermans:宗教改革是必要的也是不幸的。必要的是，當時的羅馬天主教會在歷史上需要一些合乎聖經的修正。不幸的是，事情變得如此糟糕，以至於分裂是不可避免的。所以，在我們準備紀念宗教改革500週年之際，我建議今年及之後的每一年，大家都心存一點悲傷，意識到宗教改革是必要的，同時也是不幸的。我們應該感恩，知道透過神的話和教會，上帝的真理永存，無論你稱自己為新教徒、天主教徒還是東正教徒。
