The Discipline of Prayer禱告的操練Double-click to editDouble-click to editA. Why pray? 為什麼要禱告？(Mark 11:24) Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.（馬可11:24）所以我告訴你們，凡是你們禱告祈求的，只要相信能夠得到，就必得到。Double-click to edit(James 4:3) You ask and do not receive, because you ask wrongly, to spend it on your passions.（雅各4:3）你們求也得不到，因為你們的動機不良，要把所得的耗費在你們的私慾上。(1 John 5:14) And this is the confidence that we have toward him, that if we ask anything according to his will he hears us.（約翰壹書5:14）如果我們照著　神的旨意祈求，他必聽我們；這就是我們對　神所存的坦然無懼的心。Double-click to editDouble-click to editIn these many days of prayer at Joy’s bedside I have learned that my prayers do not change God; God changes me.在我于Joy的病榻旁禱告的日子里，我學習到我的禱告無法改變上帝，而是上帝改變我。Double-click to editTo pray is to change. Prayer is the central avenue God uses to transform us… In prayer, real prayer, we begin to think God’s thoughts after him: to desire the things he desires, to love the things he loves, to will the things he wills. 禱告即改變。禱告是上帝用來改變我們的中心道路。在禱告中，真正的禱告中，我們開始想上帝所想：去求祂所求，去愛祂所愛，去愿祂所愿。(Psalm 37:4) Delight yourself in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart. （詩37:4）你要以耶和華為樂，他就把你心裡所求的賜給你。B. Why is it so hard to pray? 為什麼禱告如此困難？Joyce Meyer:Prayer is simply talking to God like a friend and should be the easiest thing we do each day.禱告就像跟自己的朋友講話那樣與上帝溝通，這應該是我們每天做的最簡單的事情。Rev. Tim Keller:I can think of nothing great that is also easy. Prayer must be, then, one of the hardest things in the world.我想不到任何既偉大又容易的事情。禱告一定是這個世界上最困難的事。C. How should we begin this journey? (Lessons from Martin Luther)我們如何開始禱告之旅？（馬丁路德所學到的）Double-click to editGuard yourself carefully against those false, deluding ideas which tell you, “Wait a little while. I will pray in an hour; first I must attend to this or that.” Such thoughts get you away from prayer into other affairs which so hold your attention and involve you that nothing comes of prayer for that day.小心防範那些虛假的、欺騙性的想法：“等一會兒。我會在接下來一小時內禱告；現在我需要關注這個或那個。”這些想法會使你遠離禱告，投身于其他吸引你注意力的事情當中，往往使得你那一天都不會禱告。(Matthew 6:9-13, NKJV)9 In this manner, therefore, pray: Our Father in heaven, Hallowed be Your name. 10 Your kingdom come. Your will be done On earth as it is in heaven. 11 Give us this day our daily bread. 12 And forgive us our debts, As we forgive our debtors. 13 And do not lead us into temptation, But deliver us from the evil one. For Yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. （太6:9-13）9	所以你們禱告、要這樣說．我們在天上的父、願人都尊你的名為聖。10	願你的國降臨。願你的旨意行在地上、如同行在天上。11	我們日用的飲食、今日賜給我們。12	免我們的債、如同我們免了人的債。13	不叫我們遇見試探．救我們脫離兇惡。因為國度、權柄、榮耀、全是你的、直到永遠、阿們。You must always speak the Amen firmly. Never doubt that God in his mercy will surely hear you and say “yes” to your prayers. . . . Do not leave your prayer without thinking, “Very well, God has heard my prayer; this I know as a certainty and a truth.” That is what Amen means.你一定要堅定地說“阿門！”不要懷疑！慈愛的上帝一定聽到了你的禱告並且對你的禱告說“是！”不要放下你的禱告卻沒有想：“很好，神已經停了我的祈求；這是我所確定的，也是真理。”這才是“阿門”的意思。Double-click to editWhatever your particular need or trouble, from this same book you can select a form of words to fit it.無論你的需求或困難是什麼，從這卷書中你都可以找到合適的話語來禱告。How to pray the Psalms?1.Say them out loud. 2.Paraphrase them. 3.Learn them by heart.D. What if I still find it hard to pray? 如果我依然覺得禱告很困難怎麼辦？(Colossians 4:2) Continue steadfastly in prayer, being watchful in it with thanksgiving.（西4:2）你們要恆切禱告，在禱告的時候存著感恩的心警醒；1. Persevere 忍耐2. Be observant 觀察3. Give thanks 感恩Max Lucado: Our prayers may be awkward. Our attempts may be feeble. But since the power of prayer is in the one who hears it and not in the one who says it, our prayers do make a difference.我們的禱告可能是尷尬的。我們的嘗試可能是微弱的。但是既然禱告的力量在於聽到的那位神，而不是訴說的那個人，我們的禱告確實會有所作為。
