John 6:47-5947 Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever believes has eternal life. 48 I am the bread of life. 49 Your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness, and they died. 50 This is the bread that comes down from heaven, so that one may eat of it and not die. 51 I am the living bread that came down from heaven. If anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever. And the bread that I will give for the life of the world is my flesh." 52 The Jews then disputed among themselves, saying,"How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" 53 So Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. 54 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, andI will raise him up on the last day. 55 For my flesh is true food, and my blood is true drink. 56 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and I in him. 57 As the living Father sent me, and I live because of the Father, so whoever feeds on me, he also will live because of me. 58 This is the bread that came down from heaven, not like the bread the fathers ate and died. Whoever feeds on this bread will live forever." 59 Jesus said these things in the synagogue, as he taught at Capernaum.47 我實實在在告訴你們，信的人有永生。48 我就是生命的食物，49 你們的祖宗在曠野吃過嗎哪，還是死了。50 這是從天上降下來的食物，使人吃了就不死。51 我就是從天上降下來生命的食物，人若吃了這食物，就必活到永遠。我要賜的食物就是我的肉，是為了世人的生命而賜的。”52 於是，猶太人彼此爭論，說：“這個人怎能把他的肉給我們吃呢？”53 耶穌就對他們說：“我實實在在告訴你們，你們若不吃人子的肉，不喝人子的血，就沒有生命在你們裡面。54	吃我肉、喝我血的，就有永生，在末日我要使他復活；55 因為我的肉是真正的食物，我的血是真正的飲料。56 吃我肉、喝我血的人，就住在我裡面，我也住在他裡面。57 正如永活的父差遣了我，我也因父活著；照樣，吃我肉的人也必因我而活。58 這就是從天上降下來的食物，不像嗎哪，你們的祖宗吃過，還是死了；吃這食物的，必活到永遠。”59 這些話是耶穌在迦百農會堂裡教導人的時候說的。A. How can I have eternal life? 47 Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever believes has eternal life. 47 我實實在在告訴你們，信的人有永生。B. But why should I believe in you? 48 I am the bread of life. 49 Your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness, and they died. 50 This is the bread that comes down from heaven, so that one may eat of it and not die. 48 我就是生命的食物，49 你們的祖宗在曠野吃過嗎哪，還是死了。50 這是從天上降下來的食物，使人吃了就不死。C. What do you do with bread?51 I am the living bread that came down from heaven. If anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever. And the bread that I will give for the life of the world is my flesh." 52 The Jews then disputed among themselves, saying,"How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" 51 我就是從天上降下來生命的食物，人若吃了這食物，就必活到永遠。我要賜的食物就是我的肉，是為了世人的生命而賜的。”52 於是，猶太人彼此爭論，說：“這個人怎能把他的肉給我們吃呢？”D. Do we really eat Jesus’ flesh and drink his blood?53 So Jesus said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. 54 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day. 55 For my flesh is true food, and my blood is true drink. 53 耶穌就對他們說：“我實實在在告訴你們，你們若不吃人子的肉，不喝人子的血，就沒有生命在你們裡面。54 吃我肉、喝我血的，就有永生，在末日我要使他復活；55 因為我的肉是真正的食物，我的血是真正的飲料。(Matt 26:26-28) Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and after blessing it broke it and gave it to the disciples, and said, "Take, eat; this is my body." And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, "Drink of it, all of you, for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.(太26:26-28) 他們吃的時候，耶穌拿起餅來，祝謝了就擘開，遞給門徒，說：“你們拿去吃吧，這是我的身體。”27 耶穌又拿起杯來，祝謝了就遞給他們，說：“你們都喝吧，28 這是我的血，是為立約的，為許多人流出來，使罪得赦。54 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up on the last day.54 吃我肉、喝我血的，就有永生，在末日我要使他復活；(Mark 16:16) Whoever believes and is baptised will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned.（馬可16:16）信而受洗的必定得救，不信的必被定罪。E. Why do we take communion?56 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and I in him. 57 As the living Father sent me, and I live because of the Father, so whoever feeds on me, he also will live because of me. 58 This is the bread that came down from heaven, not like the bread the fathers ate and died. Whoever feeds on this bread will live forever." 59 Jesus said these things in the synagogue, as he taught at Capernaum.56 吃我肉、喝我血的人，就住在我裡面，我也住在他裡面。57 正如永活的父差遣了我，我也因父活著；照樣，吃我肉的人也必因我而活。58 這就是從天上降下來的食物，不像嗎哪，你們的祖宗吃過，還是死了；吃這食物的，必活到永遠。”59 這些話是耶穌在迦百農會堂裡教導人的時候說的。Thomas Aquinas: Material food first changes into the one who eats it, and then, as a consequence, restores to him lost strength and increases his vitality. Spiritual food, on the other hand, changes the person who eats it into itself. Thus the effect proper to this Sacrament is the conversion of a man into Christ, so that he may no longer live, but Christ lives in him; consequently, it has the double effect of restoring the spiritual strength he had lost by his sins and defects, and of increasing the strength of his virtues.”Belgic Confession:Just as truly as we take and hold the sacrament in our hands and eat and drink it with our mouths, by which our life is then sustained, so truly we receive into our souls, for our spiritual life, the true body and true blood of Christ, our only Savior.56 Whoever feeds on my flesh and drinks my blood abides in me, and I in him. 57 As the living Father sent me, and I live because of the Father, so whoever feeds on me, he also will live because of me.56 吃我肉、喝我血的人，就住在我裡面，我也住在他裡面。57 正如永活的父差遣了我，我也因父活著；照樣，吃我肉的人也必因我而活。Samuel Zwemer: ”There is no mystery in heaven or earth so great as this; a suffering Deity, an almighty Saviour nailed to a Cross.”
