The discipline of thinking思考的操練A beautiful gift    一件美麗的禮物(Ephesians 4:18) “They are darkened in their understanding, alienated from the life of God because of the ignorance that is in them, due to their hardness of heart.” （弗4:18）他們的心思昏昧，因為自己無知，心裡剛硬，就與　神所賜的生命隔絕了。(Romans 1:21) “they became futile in their thinking, and their foolish hearts were darkened.”（羅1:21）因為他們雖然知道　神，卻不尊他為　神，也不感謝他，反而心思變為虛妄，愚頑的心就迷糊了。As technology has become smarter, we have become dumber 隨著科技的智能化，我們變得愚笨。Kent Hughes (Disciplines of a Godly Man): The great scandal of today’s church: Christians without Christian minds, Christians who do not think Christianly.(Romans 12:2 ) Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is His good pleasing and perfect will.（羅12:2）不要模仿這個世代，倒要藉著心意的更新而改變過來，使你們可以察驗出甚麼是　神的旨意，就是察驗出甚麼是美好的、蒙他悅納的和完全的事。1. Never stop learning 學無止境(Proverbs 18:15) An intelligent heart acquires knowledge, and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge.（箴言18:15）聰明人的心獲得知識；智慧人的耳朵尋求知識。Ralph Waldo Emerson: If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.C.S. Lewis: Every age has its own outlook. It is especially good at seeing certain truths and especially liable to make certain mistakes. We all, therefore, need the books that will correct the characteristic mistakes of our own period. And that means the old books.魯益士：每個年代都有其特征表現，特別是在擅長了解某些真理及犯某些錯誤上。因此，我們所有人，都需要那些可以糾正我們特定階段的性格錯誤的書籍。即，那些老的書籍。2. Immerse yourself in scripture 沉浸于聖經中(Psalms 119:97-99) Oh how I love your law! It is my meditation all the day. 98 Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies, for it is ever with me. 99 I have more understanding than all my teachers, for your testimonies are my meditation.（詩篇119:97-99）我多麼愛慕你的律法，終日不住地默想。98 你的命令使我比我的仇敵更有智慧，因為你的命令常存在我裡面。99 我比我所有的老師明智，因為我默想你的法度。2. Immerse yourself in scripture 沉浸于聖經中(James 1:22) “Be doers of the word, and not hearers only”.（雅各1:22）你們應該作行道的人，不要單作聽道的人，自己欺騙自己。2. Immerse yourself in scripture 沉浸于聖經中Rick Warren: We are taking notes and filling notebooks and thinking that because we are writing things down, we are really getting it. But we’re not. A wide gap exists between knowing and doing in contemporary Christianity — and perhaps its cause is too much teaching… We only believe the parts of the Bible that we actually do.Rick Warren: 我們在筆記本上做筆記，想當然地認為因為我們把它寫下來，就一定會記住。其實不然。當代基督教中的知與行嚴重脫節—或許是因為教導太多……我們只相信聖經中被我們行出來的那部分。3. Challenge your thinking 挑戰你的思考 (Jeremiah 17:9) The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately sick; who can understand it?（耶17:9）人心比萬物都詭詐，無法醫治；誰能識透呢？4. Ask God to reveal errors in your understanding 請求上帝顯示你理解上的錯誤 (John 16:13) When the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears he will speak, and he will declare to you the things that are to come.（約翰16:13）只等真理的靈來了，他要引導你們進入一切真理。他不是憑著自己說話，而是把他聽見的都說出來，並且要把將來的事告訴你們。5. Guard Your Mind 保守你的思想 (Proverbs 15:14) The heart of him who has understanding seeks knowledge, but the mouths of fools feed on folly.（箴言15:14）聰明人的心尋求知識，愚昧人的口只吃愚妄。5. Guard Your Mind 保守你的思想 (Phil 4:8) Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.（腓4:8）最後，弟兄們，凡是真實的、莊重的、公正的、純潔的、可愛的、聲譽好的，無論是甚麼美德，甚麼稱讚，這些事你們都應當思念。Kent Hughes: A Christian mind demands conscious negation; a Christian mind is impossible without the discipline of refusal.一位基督徒的頭腦需要有意識的否定。沒有拒絕之操練的基督徒頭腦是不存在的。6. Let God shape your imagination 讓上帝塑造你的想象力 (Mark 10:27) Jesus looked at them and said, “With man it is impossible, but not with God. For all things are possible with God.”（可10:27）耶穌看著他們，說：“在人不能，在　神卻不然，因為在　神凡事都能。”Albert Einstein: Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.愛因斯坦：想象力比知識還重要。因為知識受限於所有我們目前所知道的和所了解的，而想象力包涵整個世界，及所有那些將被我們知道和了解的。
