The Discipline of Submission順服的操練(Ephesians 5:21) “Submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.”（弗5:21）還要存敬畏基督的心，彼此順服。Ignatius of Loyola:Take Lord and receive all my liberty, my memory, my understanding and my entire will, All I have and call my own. You have given it all to me. To you Lord I return it. Everything is yours; do with it what you will. Give me only your love and your grace, that is enough for me.“主啊，請接收我所有的自由、記憶、理解和意志，一切我所有的和我所主張的。你將一切賜予我。我把一切歸于你。一切都是你的，請隨意支配。只給我你的愛和恩典，這對我來說就夠了。”An unpopular word 一個不受歡迎的詞Double-click to editDouble-click to editDouble-click to edit(Philippians 2:6-8) “Who, though he was in the form of God, did not count equality with God a thing to be grasped, 7 but made himself nothing, taking the form of a servant, being born in the likeness of men. 8 And being found in human form, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to the point of death, even death on a cross.”（腓2:6-8）他本來有　神的形象，卻不堅持自己與　神平等的地位，7 反而倒空自己，取了奴僕的形象，成為人的樣式；8 既然有人的樣子，就自甘卑微，順服至死，而且死在十字架上。What is the discipline of submission? 順服的操練是什麼？Heal my heart and make it cleanOpen up my eyes to the things unseenShow me how to love like You have loved meBreak my heart for what breaks YoursEverything I am for Your Kingdom's cause求醫治洗淨我心開啟我雙眼看見你心意教我如何能愛你的百姓我要能觸摸你心我所做一切全為你旨意一生追求你直到天地廢去(Jeremiah 29:11) “For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.”（耶29:11）因我自己知道我為你們所定的計劃，是使你們得平安，而不是遭受災禍的計劃；要賜給你們美好的前程和盼望。’這是耶和華的宣告。Why is submission important? 順服為何重要？1. Jesus commanded it 耶穌的命令(Mark 8:34) “If any man would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me”.（可8:34）於是把眾人和門徒都叫過來，對他們說：“如果有人願意跟從我，就應當捨己，背起他的十字架來跟從我。Double-click to edit“The cross is laid on every Christian. The first Christ-suffering which every man must experience is the call to abandon the attachments of this world. It is that dying of the old man which is the result of his encounter with Christ. As we embark upon discipleship we surrender ourselves to Christ in union with his death—we give over our lives to death. Thus it begins; the cross is not the terrible end to an otherwise god-fearing and happy life, but it meets us at the beginning of our communion with Christ. When Christ calls a man, he bids him come and die.”“十字架是放在每一個基督徒的身上。每個人所必須受的苦，是始於基督宣召，他撇下這世界的一切。人與基督相遇的結果，就是老舊人之逐漸死去。當我們從事於作門徒時，我們降服在基督裏，與祂的死相聯合──我們放棄自己的生命以進入死中。既然這件事發生在我們與基督交往的開端，所以我們絕不能說，十字架對於一種本來是敬虔與快樂的生活，是個可怕的結局。當基督呼召一個人時，祂是叫他來死。”2. Submission leads to freedom 順服帶來自由(Rom 6:22) “But now that you have been set free from sin and have become slaves of God, the fruit you get leads to sanctification and its end, eternal life.”（羅6:22）現在你們既然從罪裡得了釋放，作了　神的奴僕，就有成聖的果子，那結局就是永生。3. Submission is the pathway to happiness 順服是通往幸福的途徑(Matthew 10: 39) “Whoever finds their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life for my sake will find it.” （太10:39）顧惜自己生命的，必要喪掉生命；但為我犧牲生命的，必要得著生命。Double-click to editEdward Bulwer-Lytton: “To be happy, you must learn to forget yourself.” （英國詩人、政治家）Edward Bulwer-Lytton: “欲開心，必先學會忘我。”4. Submission enables us to love others 順服使我們能夠愛人Martin Luther: “A Christian is perfectly free lord of all, subject to none. A Christian is a perfectly dutiful servant of all, subject to all.”馬丁·路德：“一個基督徒是一位完全自由的君主，不受任何約束。 一個基督徒是一個完全盡職盡責的僕人，受所有人的約束。“What submission is not 順服不是什麼1. External compliance 外表的服從(Ephesians 6:5-6) “Slaves, obey your earthly masters with respect and fear, and with sincerity of heart, just as you would obey Christ. 6 Obey them not only to win their favour when their eye is on you, but as slaves of Christ, doing the will of God from your heart.”（弗6:5-6）你們作僕人的，要存著敬畏、戰兢和真誠的心，聽從世上的主人，好像聽從基督一樣。6 作事不要只作給人看，像那些討人歡心的一樣，卻要像基督的僕人，從心裡遵行　神的旨意，2. Weakness 軟弱(Mark 9:35) “Sitting down, Jesus called the Twelve and said, ‘Anyone who wants to be first must be the very last, and the servant of all.’” （可9:35）耶穌坐下，叫十二門徒來，對他們說：“誰想為首，就該作眾人中最末的一個，作眾人的僕人。”Double-click to edit(French Catholic priest) Charles de Foucauld (martyred 1916): “Never think in lowering yourself you have less power for good.”（法國天主教神父）福爾德：“永遠不要認為謙卑自己會失去做好事的能力。”3. Loss of identity 身分的喪失(Luke 22:42) “Father, if you are willing, take this cup from me; yet not my will, but yours be done.”（路22:42）“父啊，如果你願意，就把這杯拿走！但不要成就我的意思，只要成就你的旨意。”Who should we submit to? 我們應當順服誰？1.God 神2.The Scriptures 聖經3.Our parents 父母. (Col 3:20) “Children, obey your parents in everything, for this pleases the Lord.” （西3:20）你們作兒女的，要凡事聽從父母，因為這在主裡是可喜悅的。4.Government 政府. (Rom 13:1) “Let every person be subject to the governing authorities. For there is no authority except from God, and those that exist have been instituted by God.” （羅13:1）政府的權柄，人人都應當服從。因為沒有一樣權柄不是從　神來的；掌權的都是　神設立的。5.Church leaders 教會領袖. (Heb 13:17) “Obey your leaders and submit to them, for they are keeping watch over your souls, as those who will have to give an account.” （希13:17）你們要聽從那些領導你們的人，也要順服他們；因為他們為你們的靈魂警醒，好像要交帳的人一樣。6.Our boss 老闆.(1 Peter 2:18) “Servants, be subject to your masters with all respect, not only to the good and gentle but also to the unjust.” （彼前2：18）你們作僕人的，要凡事敬畏順服主人，不單是對善良溫和的，就是乖僻的也要順服。7.Our spouse 配偶: (Ephesians 5:21) “Submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.” （弗5:21）還要存敬畏基督的心，彼此順服。8.Our neighbours 鄰舍Are there limits to submission? 順服有界線嗎？Richard Foster: “The limits of submission are at the point at which it becomes destructive. It then becomes a denial of the law of love as taught by Jesus and is an affront to genuine biblical submission.”Richard Foster：“順服的界限正變得具有破壞性。這就造成了對耶穌所教導的愛的律法的一種否定，成為對真正合乎聖經教導的順服的一種冒犯。”Serenity prayer (Reinhold Niebuhr)God grant me the serenity, 主啊！求祢賜我寧靜的心，to accept the things I cannot change; 去接受我不能改變的一切；courage to change the things I can; 賜我勇氣，去改變我所能改變的一切；and wisdom to know the difference. 並賜我智慧，去分辨這兩者的差異，Living one day at a time; 認真地去過每一天，Enjoying one moment at a time; 享受生命的每一時刻； Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace; 迎接艱難，作為進入平安的途徑； Taking, as He did, 按照主的方式， Trusting that He will make all things right, 堅信主會使正義彰顯，一切更新，if I surrender to His Will; 只要我順服祢的旨意；That I may be reasonably happy in this life 今生我得蒙受足夠的喜樂，and supremely happy with Him, forever in the next. 來生與主同享永世的歡愉。Amen.阿們
