The Discipline of Giving奉獻的操練Greece said, "Be wise, know yourself.” 雅典人說：“要有智慧，要了解你自己。”Rome said, "Be strong, discipline yourself.” 羅馬人說：“要強壯，要操練你自己。”Epicureanism says, "Be happy, enjoy yourself.” 享樂主義說：“要快樂，要享受你自己。”Psychology says, "Be confident, assert yourself.” 心理學家說：“要有自信，要為自己辯護。”Pride says, "Be superior, promote yourself.” 驕傲說：“要優越，要促進你自己。”Humanism says, "Be capable, believe in yourself.” 人道主義者說：“要有能力，要相信你自己。”But Christianity says, "Be a servant, give of yourself.” 基督徒說：“要作僕人，要奉獻你自己。”Why give? 為什麼要奉獻？“The earth is the LORD's and the fullness thereof, the world and those who dwell therein.” (Psalm 24:1). 地和地上所充滿的，世界和住在世上的，都是屬於耶和華的。（詩24:1）“those who live might no longer live for themselves but for him who for their sake died and was raised.” (2 Cor 5:15)他替眾人死了，為的是要使活著的人不再為自己活著，卻為那替他們死而復活的主而活。（哥後5:15）(Matt. 20:28) "I did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give my life.”（太20:28）正如人子來，不是要受人的服事，而是要服事人，並且要捨命，作許多人的贖價。John Chrysostom (347-407 AD):We do not need to buy air, water, fire, sunshine and things of this kind. God has given enough of all these blessings for everyone to enjoy them freely. Why is it, then, that these necessary things, which sustain life, are created by God for common use, while money is not common? The reason is twofold: to safeguard life and to open the path to virtue. On the one hand if the necessities of life were not common, the rich, with their usual greediness, would take them away from the poor. On the other hand if money were common and available to all, there would be no opportunity for generosity on the part of the rich and gratitude on the part of the poor.John Chrysostom (347-407 AD):我們不需要去買空氣、水、火、陽光和其他類似之物。上帝將這些東西白白賜予每一個人供其享用。那麼，為什麼上帝創造了這些維持生命所必需之物供人類使用，可是金錢卻非如此？答案是雙重的：維護生命，開啟美德之路。一方面如果維持生命的必需品不普遍，富人出於自己的貪婪，會讓窮人得不到它們。另一方面，如果金錢是普遍的，人人皆唾手可得，就沒有富人表達慷慨而窮人表露感激的機會。Cyprian (300 A.D.):The property of the wealthy holds them in chains . . . which shackle their courage and choke their faith and hamper their judgment and throttle their souls. They think of themselves as owners, whereas it is they rather who are owned: enslaved as they are to their own property, they are not the masters of their money but its slaves.Cyprian (300 A.D.):富人的財產是困住他們的鎖鏈……它消弭了勇氣、扼殺了信仰、阻礙了判斷且遏制了靈魂。他們自認為所有者，可是他們卻是被擁有的：他們如同自己的財產一樣被奴役，他們不是自己財產的主人，而是奴隸。(Philippians 4:19) And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.（腓4:19）我的　神必照他在基督耶穌裡榮耀的豐富，滿足你們的一切需要。（2 Cor 8:1-5) We want you to know, brothers, about the grace of God that has been given among the churches of Macedonia, 2 for in a severe test of affliction, their abundance of joy and their extreme poverty have overflowed in a wealth of generosity on their part. 3 For they gave according to their means, as I can testify, and beyond their means, of their own accord, 4 begging us earnestly for the favor of taking part in the relief of the saints-- 5 and this, not as we expected, but they gave themselves first to the Lord and then by the will of God to us. （哥後8:1-5）弟兄們，我現在把　神賜給馬其頓眾教會的恩典告訴你們：2 他們在患難中受到極大的考驗的時候，他們滿溢的喜樂和極度的貧乏，匯流出豐厚的慷慨來。3 我可以作證，他們是按著能力，並且是超過了能力，自願地4 再三懇求我們，准許他們在供應聖徒的事上有分。5 他們超過了我們所期望的，照著　神的旨意，先把自己獻給主，然後獻給我們。1. Give sacrificially 犧牲地奉獻2. Give joyfully 喜樂地奉獻3. Give voluntarily 自願地奉獻4. Give persistently 持續地奉獻5. Give to God 奉獻給上帝(Proverbs 3:9-10) Honor the LORD with your wealth and with the firstfruits of all your produce; 10 then your barns will be filled with plenty, and your vats will be bursting with wine.（箴3:9-10）你要把你的財物，和一切初熟的農作物，敬奉耶和華。10 這樣，你的倉庫必充滿有餘，你的榨酒池也必盈溢新酒。Spiritual practices 屬靈操練
