Where can I find water?John 7:37-3937 On the last day of the feast, the great day, Jesus stood up and cried out, "If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink. 38 Whoever believes in me, as the Scripture has said, 'Out of his heart will flow rivers of living water.'" 39 Now this he said about the Spirit, whom those who believed in him were to receive, for as yet the Spirit had not been given, because Jesus was not yet glorified.約翰7:37-3937	節期的最後一天，就是最隆重的那一天，耶穌站著高聲說：“人若渴了，可以到我這裡來喝！38	信我的人，就像聖經所說的，從他的腹中要湧流出活水的江河來。”39	他這話是指著信他的人要接受聖靈說的；那時聖靈還沒有降臨，因為耶穌還沒有得著榮耀。Double-click to edit1. Am I thirsty?我渴嗎？37 On the last day of the feast, the great day, Jesus stood up and cried out, "If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink. 37	節期的最後一天，就是最隆重的那一天，耶穌站著高聲說：“人若渴了，可以到我這裡來喝！Double-click to editJ.K. Rowling, Author of the Harry Potter fantasy series, Harvard University, 2008: It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.Double-click to editNeil Gaiman, Author of short stories, comic books and graphic novels, U. of the Arts in Philadelphia, 2012: And now go, and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.Jimmy Iovine, Music Producer and Entrepreneur, University of Southern California, 2013: That diploma you hold in your hands today is really just your learner’s permit for the rest of the drive through life. Remember, you don’t have to be smarter than the next person, all you have to do is be willing to work harder than the next person.你今天握在手裡的學歷其實只是你學習者的許可證，為了以後生活的動力。記住，你不需要比下一個人聰明，你需要做的只是比下一個人更願意努力工作。Double-click to editThe Top 10 Things People Want In Life But Can’t Seem To Get:Happiness幸福Money金錢Freedom自由Peace和平Joy喜樂Balance平衡Fulfillment實現Confidence自信Stability穩定Passion激情Double-click to editU2 (1987):I have climbed the highest mountains我曾征服過最高的山脈I have run through the fields我曾跑遍田野Only to be with you只有和你在一起I have run, I have crawled我跑過，我爬過I have scaled these city wallsThese city walls這些城墻Only to be with you.只有和你在一起But I still haven't found但我還是沒有找到What I'm looking for.我到底在尋著什麼CS Lewis: Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for these desires exists. A baby feels hunger; well, there is such a thing as food. A duckling wants to swim; well, there is such a thing as water. Men feel sexual desire; well, there is such a thing as sex. If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.受造物生來具有的慾望都是可以得到滿足的。一個嬰孩餓了，好吧，有種東西叫食物。一隻鴨子想游泳，好吧，有種東西叫水。人有性慾，好吧，有種事物叫性。如果我發現自己有種慾望是這個世界無法滿足的，最可能的解釋是：我的被造是為了另一個世界。Where can I find water? 我從哪裡可以找到水？38 Whoever believes in me, as the Scripture has said, 'Out of his heart will flow rivers of living water.'" 38	信我的人，就像聖經所說的，從他的腹中要湧流出活水的江河來。”John Piper: The aim of cooking is eating. The aim of digging wells and clearing springs is drinking. Everything Jesus came to do and teach is aimed at providing the soul with food and drink that satisfy forever.John Piper：煮飯是為了吃。挖井及清潔泉水是為了喝。耶穌所做及所教導的每一件事都是為了給我們的靈魂提供可以讓人永遠滿足的食物和水。(Isa 58:11) And the LORD will guide you continually and satisfy your desire in scorched places and make your bones strong; and you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water, whose waters do not fail. （賽58:11）耶和華必常常引導你，在乾旱之地使你的心靈飽足，使你的骨頭堅強有力；你必像有水源澆灌的園子，又像水流不絕的泉源。MV: Life without running water.3. What is the cost of water?     水的代價是什麼？39 Now this he said about the Spirit, whom those who believed in him were to receive, for as yet the Spirit had not been given, because Jesus was not yet glorified.39	他這話是指著信他的人要接受聖靈說的；那時聖靈還沒有降臨，因為耶穌還沒有得著榮耀。Dietrich Bonhoeffer:The essence of grace, we suppose, is that the account has been paid in advance; and, because it has been paid, everything can be had for nothing… but grace is costly because God did not reckon his Son too dear a price to pay for our life, but delivered him up for us.恩典的本質就是賬戶以及被預先支付了。因為以及預先得到支付，每一樣事物都是免費的。可是恩典的代價也很高，因為上帝沒有認為祂的兒子太寶貴因此不能為我們捨命，而是將他給了我們。Double-click to editDouble-click to edit
