(John 6:30-36)30 So they said to him, "Then what sign do you do, that we may see and believe you? What work do you perform? 31 Our fathers ate the manna in the wilderness; as it is written, 'He gave them bread from heaven to eat.'" 32 Jesus then said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, it was not Moses who gave you the bread from heaven, but my Father gives you the true bread from heaven. 33 For the bread of God is he who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world." 34 They said to him, "Sir, give us this bread always." 35 Jesus said to them, "I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst. 36 But I said to you that you have seen me and yet do not believe. （约翰6：30-36）30 於是他們就說：“你要行甚麼神蹟，讓我們看了就信你呢？你到底能作甚麼呢？31 我們的祖宗在曠野吃過嗎哪，正如經上所記：‘他把從天上來的食物賜給他們吃。’”32 耶穌對他們說：“我實實在在告訴你們，不是摩西把那從天上來的食物賜給你們，而是我父把天上來的真食物賜給你們；33 因為　神的食物就是從天上降下來，把生命賜給世人的那一位。”34 他們對耶穌說：“主啊，求你常把這食物賜給我們。”35 耶穌說：“我就是生命的食物，到我這裡來的，必定不餓；信我的，永遠不渴。36 但我告訴你們，你們雖然見了我，還是不信。Why is it so hard for us to have faith?1. We want God to do our will, our way.2. We fail to see God's hand.3. We're looking in all the wrong places.4. We're asking for the wrong things.5. We've seen but not really tasted.1. We want God to do our will, our way30 So they said to him, "Then what sign do you do, that we may see and believe you? What work do you perform? 30 於是他們就說：“你要行甚麼神蹟，讓我們看了就信你呢？你到底能作甚麼呢？ 31 Our fathers ate the manna in the wilderness; as it is written, 'He gave them bread from heaven to eat.'" 31 我們的祖宗在曠野吃過嗎哪，正如經上所記：‘他把從天上來的食物賜給他們吃。’”"As was the first redeemer so was the final redeemer; as the first redeemer caused the manna to fall from heaven, even so shall the second redeemer cause the manna to fall."2. We fail to see God's hand32 Jesus then said to them, "Truly, truly, I say to you, it was not Moses who gave you the bread from heaven, but my Father gives you the true bread from heaven.32 耶穌對他們說：“我實實在在告訴你們，不是摩西把那從天上來的食物賜給你們，而是我父把天上來的真食物賜給你們； (Ps. 24:1) “The earth is the Lord’s, and everything in it. The world and all its people belong to him.”（诗篇24：1）地和地上所充滿的，世界和住在世上的，都是屬於耶和華的。3. We’re looking in all the wrong places33 For the bread of God is he who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world.”33 因為　神的食物就是從天上降下來，把生命賜給世人的那一位。”4. We’re asking for the wrong things34 They said to him, "Sir, give us this bread always." 34 他們對耶穌說：“主啊，求你常把這食物賜給我們。”35 Jesus said to them, "I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst.35 耶穌說：“我就是生命的食物，到我這裡來的，必定不餓；信我的，永遠不渴。(Sirach 24:21) “Those who eat me will hunger for more, and those who drink me will thirst for more”. (西拉書 24:21) 吃我吧！你們會越吃越想吃喝我吧！你們會越喝越想喝。5. We’ve seen but not really tasted36 But I said to you that you have seen me and yet do not believe.36 但我告訴你們，你們雖然見了我，還是不信。Gilbert K. Chesterton: “Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and not tried.”Conclusion: How can you grow in your faith?1. Allow God to do his will, his way.2. Thank God for his hand of provision in all things.3. Look to God to be your security and satisfaction.4. Ask God for the true bread (Jesus Christ) who can give life.5. Don’t just see or hear the word, taste it for yourself.
