(John 6:60-71)60 When many of his disciples heard it, they said, "This is a hard saying; who can listen to it?" 61 But Jesus, knowing in himself that his disciples were grumbling about this, said to them, "Do you take offense at this? 62 Then what if you were to see the Son of Man ascending to where he was before? 63 It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh is no help at all. The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life.64 But there are some of you who do not believe." (For Jesus knew from the beginning who those were who did not believe, and who it was who would betray him.) 65 And he said, "This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted him by the Father." 66 After this many of his disciples turned back and no longer walked with him. 67 So Jesus said to the Twelve, "Do you want to go away as well?" 68 Simon Peter answered him, "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life, 69 and we have believed, and have come to know, that you are the Holy One of God." 70 Jesus answered them, "Did I not choose you, the Twelve? And yet one of you is a devil." 71 He spoke of Judas the son of Simon Iscariot, for he, one of the Twelve, was going to betray him.（約翰6:60-71）60 他的門徒中，有許多人聽了，就說：“這話很難，誰能接受呢？”61 耶穌心裡知道門徒為了這事議論紛紛，就對他們說：“這話使你們動搖嗎？62 如果你們看見人子升到他原來所在的地方，又怎樣呢？63 使人活的是靈，肉體是無濟於事的。我對你們所說的話是靈、是生命。64 然而你們中間卻有不信的人。”原來從起初耶穌就知道那些不信的是誰，那要把他出賣的又是誰。65 耶穌跟著說：“所以我對你們說過，如果不是父所賜的，沒有人能到我這裡來。”66 從此，他的門徒中有許多人退去了，不再與他同行。67 於是耶穌對十二門徒說：“你們也想離去嗎？”68 西門．彼得回答：“主啊，你有永生之道，我們還跟從誰呢？69 我們已經相信，並且知道你是　神的聖者。”70 耶穌說：“我不是揀選了你們十二個人嗎？但你們中間有一個是魔鬼。”71 耶穌這話是指著加略人西門的兒子猶大說的，因為他雖然是十二門徒之一，卻要出賣耶穌。Why do people reject the gospel?They find Jesus' words hard to understand.They find the gospel offensive.They find Jesus' standards too high.They were never chosen by God.They were not willing to persevere.1. They find Jesus' words hard to understand.60 When many of his disciples heard it, they said, "This is a hard saying; who can listen to it?" 60 他的門徒中，有許多人聽了，就說：“這話很難，誰能接受呢？”Mark Twain: It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.2. They find the gospel offensive.61 But Jesus, knowing in himself that his disciples were grumbling about this, said to them, "Do you take offense at this? 62 Then what if you were to see the Son of Man ascending to where he was before?61 耶穌心裡知道門徒為了這事議論紛紛，就對他們說：“這話使你們動搖嗎？62 如果你們看見人子升到他原來所在的地方，又怎樣呢？Billy Graham: I can preach anything else, and it's called popular. It pleases the ear. But when I come to the heart of Christianity, when I come to the cross andthe blood and the resurrection, that is the stumbling block. That's the thing people do not want to hear.3. They find Jesus' standards too high63 It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh is no help at all. The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life. 63 使人活的是靈，肉體是無濟於事的。我對你們所說的話是靈、是生命。4. They were never chosen by God.64 But there are some of you who do not believe." (For Jesus knew from the beginning who those were who did not believe, and who it was who would betray him.) 65 And he said, "This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted him by the Father." 66 After this many of his disciples turned back and no longer walked with him. 64 然而你們中間卻有不信的人。”原來從起初耶穌就知道那些不信的是誰，那要把他出賣的又是誰。65 耶穌跟著說：“所以我對你們說過，如果不是父所賜的，沒有人能到我這裡來。”66 從此，他的門徒中有許多人退去了，不再與他同行。5. They were not willing to persevere70 Jesus answered them, "Did I not choose you, the Twelve? And yet one of you is a devil." 71 He spoke of Judas the son of Simon Iscariot, for he, one of the Twelve, was going to betray him.70 耶穌說：“我不是揀選了你們十二個人嗎？但你們中間有一個是魔鬼。”71 耶穌這話是指著加略人西門的兒子猶大說的，因為他雖然是十二門徒之一，卻要出賣耶穌。(Heb 3:12) Take care, brothers, lest there be in any of you an evil, unbelieving heart, leading you to fall away from the living God.（來3:12）弟兄們，你們要小心，免得你們中間有人存著邪惡、不信的心，以致離棄了永活的　神；(1 Tim 4:1) Now the Spirit expressly says that in later times some will depart from the faith by devoting themselves to deceitful spirits and teachings of demons.（提前4:1）聖靈明明地說，日後必有人離棄信仰，跟從虛謊的邪靈和鬼魔的教訓。Who then can be saved?67 So Jesus said to the Twelve, "Do you want to go away as well?" 68 Simon Peter answered him, "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life, 69 and we have believed, and have come to know, that you are the Holy One of God."67 於是耶穌對十二門徒說：“你們也想離去嗎？”68 西門．彼得回答：“主啊，你有永生之道，我們還跟從誰呢？69 我們已經相信，並且知道你是　神的聖者。”Ravi Zacharias: Outside of the cross of Jesus Christ, there is no hope in this world. That cross and resurrection at the core of the Gospel is the only hope for humanity.
