[Harvest Offerings and Tithes] 1 "When you enter the land the Lord  your God is giving you as a special possession and you have conquered it and settled there, 2 put some of the first produce from each crop you harvest into a basket and bring it to the designated place of worship-the place the Lord  your God chooses for his name to be honored. 3 Go to the priest in charge at that time and say to him, "With this gift I acknowledge to the Lord  your God that I have entered the land he swore to our ancestors he would give us.' 4 The priest will then take the basket from your hand and set it before the altar of the Lord  your God.5 "You must then say in the presence of the Lord  your God, "My ancestor Jacob was a wandering Aramean who went to live as a foreigner in Egypt. His family arrived few in number, but in Egypt they became a large and mighty nation. 6 When the Egyptians oppressed and humiliated us by making us their slaves, 7 we cried out to the Lord , the God of our ancestors. He heard our cries and saw our hardship, toil, and oppression. 8 So the Lord  brought us out of Egypt with a strong hand and powerful arm, with overwhelming terror, and with miraculous signs and wonders. 9 He brought us to this place and gave us this land flowing with milk and honey! 10 And now, O Lord , I have brought you the first portion of the harvest you have given me from the ground.' Then place the produce before the Lord  your God, and bow to the ground in worship before him. 11 Afterward you may go and celebrate because of all the good things the Lord  your God has given to you and your household. Remember to include the Levites and the foreigners living among you in the celebration.12 "Every third year you must offer a special tithe of your crops. In this year of the special tithe you must give your tithes to the Levites, foreigners, orphans, and widows, so that they will have enough to eat in your towns. 13 Then you must declare in the presence of the Lord  your God, "I have taken the sacred gift from my house and have given it to the Levites, foreigners, orphans, and widows, just as you commanded me. I have not violated or forgotten any of your commands. 14 I have not eaten any of it while in mourning; I have not handled it while I was ceremonially unclean; and I have not offered any of it to the dead. I have obeyed the Lord  my God and have done everything you commanded me. 15 Now look down from your holy dwelling place in heaven and bless your people Israel and the land you swore to our ancestors to give us-a land flowing with milk and honey.' [A Call to Obey the ] [Lord] ['s Commands] 16 "Today the Lord  your God has commanded you to obey all these decrees and regulations. So be careful to obey them wholeheartedly. 17 You have declared today that the Lord  is your God. And you have promised to walk in his ways, and to obey his decrees, commands, and regulations, and to do everything he tells you. 18 The Lord  has declared today that you are his people, his own special treasure, just as he promised, and that you must obey all his commands. 19 And if you do, he will set you high above all the other nations he has made. Then you will receive praise, honor, and renown. You will be a nation that is holy to the Lord  your God, just as he promised."       Footnotes:
