[Blessings for Obedience] 1 "If you fully obey the Lord  your God and carefully keep all his commands that I am giving you today, the Lord  your God will set you high above all the nations of the world. 2 You will experience all these blessings if you obey the Lord  your God:3 Your towns and your fields will be blessed.4 Your children and your crops will be blessed. The offspring of your herds and flocks will be blessed.5 Your fruit baskets and breadboards will be blessed.6 Wherever you go and whatever you do, you will be blessed.7 "The Lord  will conquer your enemies when they attack you. They will attack you from one direction, but they will scatter from you in seven!8 "The Lord  will guarantee a blessing on everything you do and will fill your storehouses with grain. The Lord  your God will bless you in the land he is giving you.9 "If you obey the commands of the Lord  your God and walk in his ways, the Lord  will establish you as his holy people as he swore he would do. 10 Then all the nations of the world will see that you are a people claimed by the Lord , and they will stand in awe of you.11 "The Lord  will give you prosperity in the land he swore to your ancestors to give you, blessing you with many children, numerous livestock, and abundant crops. 12 The Lord  will send rain at the proper time from his rich treasury in the heavens and will bless all the work you do. You will lend to many nations, but you will never need to borrow from them. 13 If you listen to these commands of the Lord  your God that I am giving you today, and if you carefully obey them, the Lord  will make you the head and not the tail, and you will always be on top and never at the bottom. 14 You must not turn away from any of the commands I am giving you today, nor follow after other gods and worship them. [Curses for Disobedience] 15 "But if you refuse to listen to the Lord  your God and do not obey all the commands and decrees I am giving you today, all these curses will come and overwhelm you:16 Your towns and your fields will be cursed.17 Your fruit baskets and breadboards will be cursed.18 Your children and your crops will be cursed. The offspring of your herds and flocks will be cursed.19 Wherever you go and whatever you do, you will be cursed.20 "The Lord  himself will send on you curses, confusion, and frustration in everything you do, until at last you are completely destroyed for doing evil and abandoning me. 21 The Lord  will afflict you with diseases until none of you are left in the land you are about to enter and occupy. 22 The Lord  will strike you with wasting diseases, fever, and inflammation, with scorching heat and drought, and with blight and mildew. These disasters will pursue you until you die. 23 The skies above will be as unyielding as bronze, and the earth beneath will be as hard as iron. 24 The Lord  will change the rain that falls on your land into powder, and dust will pour down from the sky until you are destroyed.25 "The Lord  will cause you to be defeated by your enemies. You will attack your enemies from one direction, but you will scatter from them in seven! You will be an object of horror to all the kingdoms of the earth. 26 Your corpses will be food for all the scavenging birds and wild animals, and no one will be there to chase them away.27 "The Lord  will afflict you with the boils of Egypt and with tumors, scurvy, and the itch, from which you cannot be cured. 28 The Lord  will strike you with madness, blindness, and panic. 29 You will grope around in broad daylight like a blind person groping in the darkness, but you will not find your way. You will be oppressed and robbed continually, and no one will come to save you.30 "You will be engaged to a woman, but another man will sleep with her. You will build a house, but someone else will live in it. You will plant a vineyard, but you will never enjoy its fruit. 31 Your ox will be butchered before your eyes, but you will not eat a single bite of the meat. Your donkey will be taken from you, never to be returned. Your sheep and goats will be given to your enemies, and no one will be there to help you. 32 You will watch as your sons and daughters are taken away as slaves. Your heart will break for them, but you won't be able to help them. 33 A foreign nation you have never heard about will eat the crops you worked so hard to grow. You will suffer under constant oppression and harsh treatment. 34 You will go mad because of all the tragedy you see around you. 35 The Lord  will cover your knees and legs with incurable boils. In fact, you will be covered from head to foot.36 "The Lord  will exile you and your king to a nation unknown to you and your ancestors. There in exile you will worship gods of wood and stone! 37 You will become an object of horror, ridicule, and mockery among all the nations to which the Lord  sends you.38 "You will plant much but harvest little, for locusts will eat your crops. 39 You will plant vineyards and care for them, but you will not drink the wine or eat the grapes, for worms will destroy the vines. 40 You will grow olive trees throughout your land, but you will never use the olive oil, for the fruit will drop before it ripens. 41 You will have sons and daughters, but you will lose them, for they will be led away into captivity. 42 Swarms of insects will destroy your trees and crops.43 "The foreigners living among you will become stronger and stronger, while you become weaker and weaker. 44 They will lend money to you, but you will not lend to them. They will be the head, and you will be the tail!45 "If you refuse to listen to the Lord  your God and to obey the commands and decrees he has given you, all these curses will pursue and overtake you until you are destroyed. 46 These horrors will serve as a sign and warning among you and your descendants forever. 47 If you do not serve the Lord  your God with joy and enthusiasm for the abundant benefits you have received, 48 you will serve your enemies whom the Lord  will send against you. You will be left hungry, thirsty, naked, and lacking in everything. The Lord  will put an iron yoke on your neck, oppressing you harshly until he has destroyed you.49 "The Lord  will bring a distant nation against you from the end of the earth, and it will swoop down on you like a vulture. It is a nation whose language you do not understand, 50 a fierce and heartless nation that shows no respect for the old and no pity for the young. 51 Its armies will devour your livestock and crops, and you will be destroyed. They will leave you no grain, new wine, olive oil, calves, or lambs, and you will starve to death. 52 They will attack your cities until all the fortified walls in your land-the walls you trusted to protect you-are knocked down. They will attack all the towns in the land the Lord  your God has given you.53 "The siege and terrible distress of the enemy's attack will be so severe that you will eat the flesh of your own sons and daughters, whom the Lord  your God has given you. 54 The most tenderhearted man among you will have no compassion for his own brother, his beloved wife, and his surviving children. 55 He will refuse to share with them the flesh he is devouring-the flesh of one of his own children-because he has nothing else to eat during the siege and terrible distress that your enemy will inflict on all your towns. 56 The most tender and delicate woman among you-so delicate she would not so much as touch the ground with her foot-will be selfish toward the husband she loves and toward her own son or daughter. 57 She will hide from them the afterbirth and the new baby she has borne, so that she herself can secretly eat them. She will have nothing else to eat during the siege and terrible distress that your enemy will inflict on all your towns.58 "If you refuse to obey all the words of instruction that are written in this book, and if you do not fear the glorious and awesome name of the Lord  your God, 59 then the Lord  will overwhelm you and your children with indescribable plagues. These plagues will be intense and without relief, making you miserable and unbearably sick. 60 He will afflict you with all the diseases of Egypt that you feared so much, and you will have no relief. 61 The Lord  will afflict you with every sickness and plague there is, even those not mentioned in this Book of Instruction, until you are destroyed. 62 Though you become as numerous as the stars in the sky, few of you will be left because you would not listen to the Lord  your God.63 "Just as the Lord  has found great pleasure in causing you to prosper and multiply, the Lord  will find pleasure in destroying you. You will be torn from the land you are about to enter and occupy. 64 For the Lord  will scatter you among all the nations from one end of the earth to the other. There you will worship foreign gods that neither you nor your ancestors have known, gods made of wood and stone! 65 There among those nations you will find no peace or place to rest. And the Lord  will cause your heart to tremble, your eyesight to fail, and your soul to despair. 66 Your life will constantly hang in the balance. You will live night and day in fear, unsure if you will survive. 67 In the morning you will say, "If only it were night!' And in the evening you will say, "If only it were morning!' For you will be terrified by the awful horrors you see around you. 68 Then the Lord  will send you back to Egypt in ships, to a destination I promised you would never see again. There you will offer to sell yourselves to your enemies as slaves, but no one will buy you."       Footnotes:
