[A Call to Remember and Obey] 1 "Be careful to obey all the commands I am giving you today. Then you will live and multiply, and you will enter and occupy the land the Lord  swore to give your ancestors. 2 Remember how the Lord  your God led you through the wilderness for these forty years, humbling you and testing you to prove your character, and to find out whether or not you would obey his commands. 3 Yes, he humbled you by letting you go hungry and then feeding you with manna, a food previously unknown to you and your ancestors. He did it to teach you that people do not live by bread alone; rather, we live by every word that comes from the mouth of the Lord . 4 For all these forty years your clothes didn't wear out, and your feet didn't blister or swell. 5 Think about it: Just as a parent disciplines a child, the Lord  your God disciplines you for your own good.6 "So obey the commands of the Lord  your God by walking in his ways and fearing him. 7 For the Lord  your God is bringing you into a good land of flowing streams and pools of water, with fountains and springs that gush out in the valleys and hills. 8 It is a land of wheat and barley; of grapevines, fig trees, and pomegranates; of olive oil and honey. 9 It is a land where food is plentiful and nothing is lacking. It is a land where iron is as common as stone, and copper is abundant in the hills. 10 When you have eaten your fill, be sure to praise the Lord  your God for the good land he has given you.11 "But that is the time to be careful! Beware that in your plenty you do not forget the Lord  your God and disobey his commands, regulations, and decrees that I am giving you today. 12 For when you have become full and prosperous and have built fine homes to live in, 13 and when your flocks and herds have become very large and your silver and gold have multiplied along with everything else, be careful! 14 Do not become proud at that time and forget the Lord  your God, who rescued you from slavery in the land of Egypt. 15 Do not forget that he led you through the great and terrifying wilderness with its poisonous snakes and scorpions, where it was so hot and dry. He gave you water from the rock! 16 He fed you with manna in the wilderness, a food unknown to your ancestors. He did this to humble you and test you for your own good. 17 He did all this so you would never say to yourself, "I have achieved this wealth with my own strength and energy.' 18 Remember the Lord  your God. He is the one who gives you power to be successful, in order to fulfill the covenant he confirmed to your ancestors with an oath.19 "But I assure you of this: If you ever forget the Lord  your God and follow other gods, worshiping and bowing down to them, you will certainly be destroyed. 20 Just as the Lord  has destroyed other nations in your path, you also will be destroyed if you refuse to obey the Lord  your God.       Footnotes:
