1 This message was given to Amos, a shepherd from the town of Tekoa in Judah. He received this message in visions two years before the earthquake, when Uzziah was king of Judah and Jeroboam II, the son of Jehoash,* was king of Israel.2 This is what he saw and heard: "The Lord 's voice will roar from Zion and thunder from Jerusalem! The lush pastures of the shepherds will dry up; the grass on Mount Carmel will wither and die." [God's Judgment on Israel's Neighbors] 3 This is what the Lord  says: "The people of Damascus have sinned again and again,*and I will not let them go unpunished! They beat down my people in Gilead as grain is threshed with iron sledges.4 So I will send down fire on King Hazael's palace, and the fortresses of King Ben-hadad will be destroyed.5 I will break down the gates of Damascus and slaughter the people in the valley of Aven. I will destroy the ruler in Beth-eden, and the people of Aram will go as captives to Kir," says the Lord .6 This is what the Lord  says:  "The people of Gaza have sinned again and again, and I will not let them go unpunished! They sent whole villages into exile, selling them as slaves to Edom.7 So I will send down fire on the walls of Gaza, and all its fortresses will be destroyed.8 I will slaughter the people of Ashdod and destroy the king of Ashkelon. Then I will turn to attack Ekron, and the few Philistines still left will be killed," says the Sovereign Lord .9 This is what the Lord  says:  "The people of Tyre have sinned again and again, and I will not let them go unpunished! They broke their treaty of brotherhood with Israel, selling whole villages as slaves to Edom.10 So I will send down fire on the walls of Tyre, and all its fortresses will be destroyed."11 This is what the Lord  says:  "The people of Edom have sinned again and again, and I will not let them go unpunished! They chased down their relatives, the Israelites, with swords, showing them no mercy. In their rage, they slashed them continually and were unrelenting in their anger.12 So I will send down fire on Teman, and the fortresses of Bozrah will be destroyed."13 This is what the Lord  says: "The people of Ammon have sinned again and again, and I will not let them go unpunished! When they attacked Gilead to extend their borders, they ripped open pregnant women with their swords.14 So I will send down fire on the walls of Rabbah, and all its fortresses will be destroyed. The battle will come upon them with shouts, like a whirlwind in a mighty storm.15 And their king* and his princes will go into exile together," says the Lord .       Footnotes: 1:1 Hebrew Joash, a variant spelling of Jehoash.   1:3 Hebrew have committed three sins, even four; also in 1:6, 9, 11, 13.   1:15 Hebrew malcam, possibly referring to their god Molech.  
