1 Listen to this message that the Lord  has spoken against you, O people of Israel-against the entire family I rescued from Egypt:2 "From among all the families on the earth, I have been intimate with you alone. That is why I must punish you for all your sins." [Witnesses against Guilty Israel] 3 Can two people walk together without agreeing on the direction?4 Does a lion ever roar in a thicket without first finding a victim? Does a young lion growl in its den without first catching its prey?5 Does a bird ever get caught in a trap that has no bait? Does a trap spring shut when there's nothing to catch?6 When the ram's horn blows a warning, shouldn't the people be alarmed? Does disaster come to a city unless the Lord  has planned it?7 Indeed, the Sovereign Lord  never does anything until he reveals his plans to his servants the prophets.8 The lion has roared- so who isn't frightened? The Sovereign Lord  has spoken- so who can refuse to proclaim his message?9 Announce this to the leaders of Philistia*and to the great ones of Egypt: "Take your seats now on the hills around Samaria, and witness the chaos and oppression in Israel."10 "My people have forgotten how to do right," says the Lord . "Their fortresses are filled with wealth taken by theft and violence.11 Therefore," says the Sovereign Lord , "an enemy is coming! He will surround them and shatter their defenses. Then he will plunder all their fortresses."12 This is what the Lord  says: "A shepherd who tries to rescue a sheep from a lion's mouth will recover only two legs or a piece of an ear. So it will be for the Israelites in Samaria lying on luxurious beds, and for the people of Damascus reclining on couches.*"Now listen to this, and announce it throughout all Israel,*" says the Lord, the Lord  God of Heaven's Armies.14 "On the very day I punish Israel for its sins, I will destroy the pagan altars at Bethel. The horns of the altar will be cut off and fall to the ground.15 And I will destroy the beautiful homes of the wealthy- their winter mansions and their summer houses, too- all their palaces filled with ivory," says the Lord .       Footnotes: 3:9 Hebrew Ashdod.   3:12 The meaning of the Hebrew in this sentence is uncertain. 13  3:13 Hebrew the house of Jacob. The names "Jacob" and "Israel" are often interchanged throughout the Old Testament, referring sometimes to the individual patriarch and sometimes to the nation.  
