1 Woe to those who devise iniquity, And work out evil on their beds! At morning light they practice it, Because it is in the power of their hand.2 They covet fields and take them by violence, Also houses, and seize them. So they oppress a man and his house, A man and his inheritance.3 Therefore thus says the Lord : "Behold, against this family I am devising disaster, From which you cannot remove your necks; Nor shall you walk haughtily, For this is an evil time.4 In that day one shall take up a proverb against you, And lament with a bitter lamentation, saying: 'We are utterly destroyed! He has changed the heritage of my people; How He has removed it from me! To a turncoat He has divided our fields.' "5 Therefore you will have no one to determine boundaries by lot In the assembly of the Lord .Lying Prophets6 "Do not prattle," you say to those who prophesy. So they shall not prophesy to you; They shall not return insult for insult.7 You who are named the house of Jacob: "Is the Spirit of the Lord restricted? Are these His doings? Do not My words do good To him who walks uprightly?8 "Lately My people have risen up as an enemy- You pull off the robe with the garment From those who trust you, as they pass by, Like men returned from war.9 The women of My people you cast out From their pleasant houses; From their children You have taken away My glory forever.10 "Arise and depart, For this is not your rest; Because it is defiled, it shall destroy, Yes, with utter destruction.11 If a man should walk in a false spirit And speak a lie, saying, 'I will prophesy to you of wine and drink,' Even he would be the prattler of this people.Israel Restored12 "I will surely assemble all of you, O Jacob, I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together like sheep of the fold, Like a flock in the midst of their pasture; They shall make a loud noise because of so many people.13 The one who breaks open will come up before them; They will break out, Pass through the gate, And go out by it; Their king will pass before them, With the Lord at their head."
