1 This message concerning Nineveh came as a vision to Nahum, who lived in Elkosh. [The Lord's Anger against Nineveh] 2 The Lord  is a jealous God, filled with vengeance and rage. He takes revenge on all who oppose him and continues to rage against his enemies!3 The Lord  is slow to get angry, but his power is great, and he never lets the guilty go unpunished. He displays his power in the whirlwind and the storm. The billowing clouds are the dust beneath his feet.4 At his command the oceans dry up, and the rivers disappear. The lush pastures of Bashan and Carmel fade, and the green forests of Lebanon wither.5 In his presence the mountains quake, and the hills melt away; the earth trembles, and its people are destroyed.6 Who can stand before his fierce anger? Who can survive his burning fury? His rage blazes forth like fire, and the mountains crumble to dust in his presence.7 The Lord  is good, a strong refuge when trouble comes. He is close to those who trust in him.8 But he will sweep away his enemies[a]in an overwhelming flood. He will pursue his foes into the darkness of night.9 Why are you scheming against the Lord ? He will destroy you with one blow; he won't need to strike twice!10 His enemies, tangled like thornbushes and staggering like drunks, will be burned up like dry stubble in a field.11 Who is this wicked counselor of yours who plots evil against the Lord ?12 This is what the Lord  says: "Though the Assyrians have many allies, they will be destroyed and disappear. O my people, I have punished you before, but I will not punish you again.13 Now I will break the yoke of bondage from your neck and tear off the chains of Assyrian oppression."14 And this is what the Lord  says concerning the Assyrians in Nineveh: "You will have no more children to carry on your name. I will destroy all the idols in the temples of your gods. I am preparing a grave for you because you are despicable!"15[b]Look! A messenger is coming over the mountains with good news! He is bringing a message of peace. Celebrate your festivals, O people of Judah, and fulfill all your vows, for your wicked enemies will never invade your land again. They will be completely destroyed!       Footnotes:a.   1:8 As in Greek version; Hebrew reads sweep away her place.  b.   1:15 Verse 1:15 is numbered 2:1 in Hebrew text.  
