Article 1
This Act is made to implement the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (hereafter the two Covenants), which were both adopted by the United Nations in 1966, and to strengthen our country’s human rights protection system. Article 2
Human rights protection provisions in the two Covenants have domestic legal status. Article 3
Applications of the two Covenants should make reference to their legislative purposes and interpretations by the Human Rights Committee. Article 4
Whenever exercise their functions all levels of governmental institutions and agencies should confirm to human rights protection provisions in the two Covenants; avoid violating human rights; protect the people from infringement by others; positively promote realization of human rights. Article 5
All levels of governmental institutions and agencies should take the responsibility for preparing, promoting and implementing human rights protection provisions in the two Covenants within their functions that are governed by existing laws and regulations. When multi functions are involved distinct governmental institutions and agencies should contact and coordinate themselves to carry out their responsibilities. The government should cooperate with other national governments and international non-governmental organizations and human rights institutions to realize promotion and protection of human rights provisions in the two Covenants. Article 6
The government should set up human rights reports system in accordance with the two Covenants. Article 7
All levels of governmental institutions and agencies should preferentially allocate funds to implement human rights protection provisions in the two Covenants according to their financial status, and take steps to enforce. Article 8
All levels of governmental institutions and agencies should review laws ， regulations, directionsand administrative measures within their functions according to the two Covenants. All laws, regulations, directions and administrative measures incompatible to the two Covenants should be amended within two years after the Act enters into force by new laws, law amendments, law abolitions and improved administrative measures. Article 9
The date of coming into force of the Act shall be decided by the Executive Yuan. 
