Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This Enforcement Rules is stipulated in accordance with the provisions of Article 38-1 of the Detention Act（hereinafter referred to as the "Act"）.Article 2　 The personnel of detention center shall pay attention to the perpetuation of evidence as well as the interest of defendants, so as to facilitate investigation and trial.Article 3　 The terms "strict demarcation," "separate detention, " contained hereinafter in the Act are defined as follows:1.Strict demarcation: to isolate and demarcate defendant with concrete walls inside the detention center as a boundary.2.Separate detention: to isolate defendant in different quarters, workshop.Article 4　 Officers of detention center shall inspect, under Article 15 of the Act, every part of the detention center at least once a day and randomly in the night time.The particulars in connection with the in spection and random inspection referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be entered intoa an inspection logbook.Article 5　 Officers of detention center are entitled to meet defendants from time to time. Where a defendant applies to meet with the officers, his/her name and serial number shall be entered into logbook, and an approval to such meeting shall not be unreasonably withheld.Article 6　 In situations where a request for visitation of a detention center in the purpose of academic research or in motivation deemed reasonable is permitted, male visitors shall be allowed to visit only the detention center for male and female visitors shall be allow to visit only the detention center for famale. Special request under the permission of the superintendent of the detention center not subject to this limitation.During visitation, the detention center shall dispatch an instructor to guide and explain, as well as make a note of visitors ' or groups' names, occupations, home addresses, visiting date, and purposes. Visitors shall dress accordingly and remain silent. Without the detention center superintendent's prior permission, photography is strictly prohibited. Conversation or exchange of goods with the defendants is also subjected to strict prohibition. Minors, drunken persons, or ills are prohibited from visitation.Chapter II AdmissionsArticle 7　 The procedures for admitting a defendant to detention center shall be as follows:1.Verify that all the essential documents have been prepared.2.Perform health check-up on the defendant.3.Inspect defendant's body, clothing, and personal belongings; for money or valuables, the detention center shall designate a personnel to keep such money or valuables.4.Establish a record of the defendants' photographs and fingerprints.5.Inform the defendant of the rules that he/she must comply with.6.Guide the defendant to shower, change of cloth, distribute daily supplies and arrange living quarters for defendant.Photographs taken pursuant to subparagraph 4 shall not be distributed to the public.Article 8　 When admitting a defendant, detention center shall verify the signatures and seals of the judge or prosecutor as shown in the writ of detention, as well as identification of the defendant. If any of the above is illegible, the seals are unclear, or the identity is inconsistent, the detention center is entitled to reject the admission or return the writ of detention for correction pursuant to Article 7 of the Act. However, if the defendant is admitted, the date on which the defendant is admitted shall be specified in the acknowl detention, and the superintendent of the detention center shall affix his/her signaturt or seal to the writ of detention.Article 9　 After a defendant is admitted to a detention center, he/she shall be given a serial number under Article 12 of the Act thereof in place of his/her name; in addition, personal data booklet and identification booklet of the defendant shall be prepared. Personal data booklet and identification booklet shall be prepared within two days after he/she is admitted to or discharged from the detention center and be well kept.Article 10 　 Personal data booklet of a defendant shall include serial number booklet, detention booklet, defendant's list, and discharge registration booklet.Identification booklet of a defendant shall include original writ of detention, summon, writ of detention, writ of discharge, photo chart, identity slip, fingerprint card, labor registration, merit and award record, punishment record, correspondence record, behavior reviwe consolidated table, and household registration data.Article 11 　 A health check-up on a defendant shall be performed by a physician of a detention center; however, if no health check-up is available in the detention center, the defendant may be escorted to a local public hospital for such health check-up.Where a defendant is in any of the cases re Where a defendant is in any of the cases referred to in Article 7-1 of the Act, it shall be recorded.Article 12 　 When a defendant is admitted to a detention center pursuant to Acticle 10 of the Act, he/she shall be informed of the matters that he/she shall comply with:1.He/she shall behave discreetly, and shall not make any behavior which may damage national interest or reputation of the group may be made.2.He/she shall comply with the rules, and shall not violate any laws and regulations or commit any offence against order of the detention center.3.He/she shall deal with other defendants harmoniously, and shall not have any behavior in connection with gang organization or the bully or humiliate other defendants.4.He/she shall abide by the policies of the detention center, and shall not forge or alter any evidence, or conspire with others for making false testimony, or make any noise, undertake battery, escape, or violent behavior.5.He/she shall take care of public supplies, and shall not ruin, damage, or waste such supplies in any wanton or reckless manner.6.He/she shall behave properly, and shall not consume alcoholic beverage, undertake gambling activities, make any tattoos on his/her body, consume stinulant or undertake any indecent acts.7.He/she shall receive inspection, and shall not conceal any banned goods or undertake any unauthorized correspondence;8.He/she shall keep the environment neat and tidy, and shall not ruin the environment or make any graffiti or contamination.9.He/she shall also comply with all other rules of the detention center.If a defendant is in violation of any of the foregoing provisions, he/she shall be punished, subject to culpability of the violation, under Article 76 ofthe Prison Serving Act.Article 13 　 After a defendant is admitted to a detention center, he/she shall be allowed to inform his/her family immediately; provided, however, that if he/she is prohibited from doing so by court or prosecutor, the detention center shall inform his/her family on his/her behalf.Article 14 　 Appeals made by a defendant who contends the detention center's punishment shall be processed pursuant to the regulations stipulated below:1.Defendant contending detention center's penalty shall submit the appeal in person within 10 days of the effective date by verbal communication or written document. In cases where appeals are made by verbal communication, detention center official shall record every detail fact in the appeal logbook.In cases where appeals are made by written document, name, offence committed, service duration, detail facts of the penalty and dates, and reasons contending the penalty shall be included, and then sign, seal or fingerprint the document, as well as date the appeal.2.Anonymous appeals will not be subject to processing.3.The superintendent of the detention center issuing the penalty shall, if the appeal is deemed reasonable, withdraw the penalty and indicate other appropriate management procedures. If the appeal is deemed unreasonable, the subject matter shall be reported to the goveming authority immediately.4.Goveming authority shall, if the appeal is deemed reasonable, order a termination, withdraw, or amendment to the penalty.5.Inspector shall, when processing appeals, conduct every necessary investigation and report the investigation results to the governing authority for review. During investigation, unless the inspector deem relevant to the subject matter, no detention center officials shall be permitted to present at the scene.6.A detention center shall not discriminate against or issue a punishment with irrelevant excuses to the defendant who files the appeal.7.Governing authority has the authority to issue a final ruling to the appeal.Those who contend the ruling issued by other institution shall be redirected to related institution for further review.The rules in connection with complaints filed by a defendant shall be posted on the detention center, and a defendant shall be informed of the same when he is admitted to the detention center.Article 15 　 The children brought by a female defendant to or born by a female defendant in a detention center shall be accommodated in the nursery and care center. For the child born by a defendant in a detention center, his/her birth certificate shall not contain any entries in conn ection with the detention.Article 16 　 The following defendants shall be detained separately:1.Adult defendants ancl juvenile defendants.2.A defendant who commits the first offense and who is a reciclivist.3.The offense committed by the defendant is of significant gravity or there is a likelihood that other defendants may be affected by his/her detention.Article 17 　 Where the need detaining a sick defendant in a ward is established by a physician, the detention shall be S0 enforced.Chapter III Custody and SecurityArticle 18 　 Detention center shall organize the work of security in accordance with the work nature of guarding , sentinel, patrolling, management, and inspection. In addition, staffs shall be carefully selected to fulfill their duties, in order to prevent riots, escape, suicide, or fighting.When an officer performs his/her duties, precautionary steps shall be taken pursuant to the regulations contained hereinafter: 1.Detention center officer shall sympathize and be compassionate during the process, as well as respect prisoner's dignity and comprehend the subject matter in order to lecture the convict accordingly.2.Custody of the defendants shall take control of every situation happened in ber detention center and count the number of defendants regularly, as well as focus on the safety equipments of detention center. 3.Sentinel duties, appearance and manner shall be appropriate, respond to people with kindness, as well as be precautious to the entry and exit of the delivery of goods and passengers.4.Cell duties, except for situations where a disaster occurs, the access door shall not be opened unless an officer is present or his/her approval is obtained.5.Workshop duties, the doors of the workshop shall be closed at all times in order to prohibit the entry and exit of the defendants. The uses and management of labour equipments shall be carefully supervised.6.The doors, as well as entry and exits, of the detention center shall be closed on a regular basis. Goods that jeopardize the security of the detention center shall be stored and locked in a specified location. In circumstances where the need for opening the lock or using the goods arises, a guard shall be dispatched to secure and safeguard the location.7.Equipments, such as constraining devices and weapons, keys, water & electric equipments, and hydrant equipments and stoves and steam machines, shall be cautiously supervised and are subject to regular inspections.8.At the time of discharging a defendant, the defendant's physical state and reputation shall be minded, in addition to adhere to the ruling of discharge procedures.Article 19 　 Detention center shall not utilize any constraining devices as a means of punishment on defendants. In circumstances where the utilization of constraining devices is necessary due to some legal reasons, precautionary procedures shall be taken pursuant to the regulations contained hereinafter: 1.The behavior and performance of the defendants shall be evaluated frequently when a constraining devices is utilized for detentional purpose. As soon as the utilization of the constraining devices is deemed no longer relevant, the practice shall be abolished immediately. 2.Once the period of the utilization of constraining devices reaches one week, for circumstances where the continuation of the utilization is deemed relevant, the request with a list of facts and details of the circumstance, shall be reported to the detention center officer for approval. The provision thereof is also applicable at the end of the extension of the utilization, if further extension is deemed necessary. 3.The utilization of constraining devices shall be monitored and exercised by chief of subsection or the higher staffs. For defendants deemed inappropriate by physician, the exercise of constraining devices shall be discontinued.4.Two or more types of constraining devices shall not be exercised against a single defendant at the same time without special approval from the superintendent of detention center.5.The physical condition of a defendant shall be minded cautiously during the process of the utilization of constraining devices. No handcuffing with both arms on the back or joined handcuffing of arms and legs shall be permitted.6.The weight of feet shackles and chains shall be limited to a maximum of 2 kilograms. If necessary, the weight can be increased to 3 kilograms. The weight of handcuff shall not exceed one half of a kilogram.Article 20 　 Sedation facility shall be built in a solitary space format. The surfaces of wall, ceilillg, doors, and floors shall be made of materials that can prevent injuries when a person smashes at them, as well as the emphasis shall be centered on the security of the detention center.Article 21 　 Detention center's supervising staffs using truncheon or arms subject to the precautionary procedures contained hereinafter: 1.Warning shall be issued prior to the use of truncheon or arms. However, in urgent situations this rule shall not be applicable.When the reason for the use of truncheon or arms ceases to exist, the action shall be discontinued immediately.2.0fficer shall be careful not to harm the surrounding innocents when truncheon or arms is being used. A report detailing the process and situation shall be conveyed to the officer of detention center after the event is over, in addition to deliver a copy of the documents to the supervisory authority.Article 22 　 The following types of security work in a detention center for female defendants, including guard, security & custody,inspection, management, labour, education and instruction, and appraisal, shall appoint female employees to assume the responsibility. Security & custody unit shall dispatch staffs to assume the responsibility of sentinel, patrol, and policing in the surrounding area of the detention center.Quarters for female defendants within a detention center shall be prohibited from the entry of male staffs except for the superintendent of detention center and medic personnel. In circumstances where the responsibilities of a duty require a male staff to enter the quarter, the male staff must be accompanied by a female staff.Article 23 　 Detention center shall implement a contingency plan for security events, in addition to establishing a channel of communication with local district's police and justice agencies. In events of natural disasters, where escape , slaughter, death, riots, or violence occurs, proper counter measures and procedures must be in place, in addition to filing a documentation report with the details of the scenario to the goveming authorities. In urgent matters, telephone calls must be used in advance for reporting.Article 24 　 Special attention shall be made in the place designated as a cell or workshop by a detention center to prevent any conspiracy with other detainees and to keep the security. The foregoing cell and workshop shall be designated by the superintendent of the detention center; provided, however, other personnel may be authorized make such designation, subject to final approval of the superintendent.Article 25 　 The supervisor of the workshop and cell shall inspect the workshop and check the number of the defendants from time to time. When transferring their duties, they shall provide particulars in connection with the cell and workshop, so that a proper prevention may be made.Article 26 　 The patrol and security personnel of a detention center shall inspect the windows, doors, locks, and railings to ensure their safety.The department of guard and security and the department of general affairs shall assign their personnel to inspect the equipment referred to in the preceding paragraph on a frequent basis. Should any damage to such equipment is found in the course of inspection, a report shall be made immediately.Article 27 　 The establishment of lookouts within and without a detention center shall be made to constitute a watching net and to monitor the movement of the defendants; in addition, scheduled and random patrol shall be performed.Article 28 　 The lookouts at the central entrance and main entrance shall be performed by chief aclministrators or experienced and capable senior administrators.Chapter IV LaborArticle 29 　 The labor shall be administered mainly by a public enterprise as a top priority, with second priority goes to consignment or contracting.Aside from complying with the purposes of labour, the work content of the labor shall be determined in consideration of local economic environment and the condition of supply & demand of goods, as well as trend in future development.Article 30 　 Attention shall be paid by a detention center to develop defendants' diligence and to improve their physical and mental health. The labor shall be attended by qualified personnel assigned by the department of safeguard and security.Article 31 　 The compensation criteria for labor shall be made once a year by surveying the prevailing price for the similar products or prevailing rate for the similar labor.Article 32 　 Detention center shall retain local technicians and experts to form a Labor Consulting Committee to provide assistance required for the labor.Article 33 　 Attention shall be paid to the training of the defendants' skills, and technical guidance shall be provided by the instructors or technical consultant of the processing plant.Article 34 　 Work products shall comply with social demands, and detention center shall take any precautionary steps on the supervision of the marketing. Detention centers are permitted to solely or jointly establish locations for product marketing.Article 35 　 Detention center labour shall have an overall well-conducted administration scheme with an implementation of corporate management, in addition to carefully supervising the efficient utilization of assets and human resources.Article 36 　 The Regulations for Incentives for Labor Reward Performed by Prisoners and the Regulations for lncentives Labor Reward to Officers of Prisoners shall be applied mutatis mutandis to the incentive plan referred to in paragraph 3, Article 17 ofthe Act.Chapter V Life ConsultationArticle 37 　 The life consultation shall be provided by qualified personnel assigned by the department of safeguard and security on a part time basis. Where a detention center is capable of accommodating 500 detainees or more may assign an administrator to provide life consultation.Article 38 　 The life consultation shall be provided to foster virtue development and intellectual development as its primary objectives.Article 39 　 When providing life consultation service, a consultation data packet shall be established for each defendant. The consultation data packet for a defendant who has appealed to the court of appeal shall be transferred to the detention center governed by such court of appeal for its reference in one week.Article 40 　 Where a detention is capable of accommodating 500 detainees may establish a consultation office, under which consultation groups may be organized to provide consultation.Article 41 　 Virtue consultation shall be conducted through one-on-one discussions, group discussions, and religious teachings.Article 42 　 When religious teaching is provided, consultation personnel or security personnel shall be present to maintain order and to ensure the propriety of the content of teaching and materials distributed. Should the content be found improper or irregular, such consultation personnel or security personnel shall make the correction and report the same to the officers of the detention center.Article 43 　 Consultation for intellectual development shall be conductecl through self education, and no classes will be organized. The intellectual consultation shall be provicled by the personnel in charge of life consultation and the supervisors of each workshop and cell.Article 44 　 Class consultation may be provided to juvenile defendants, and each defendant shall submit his/her reflection report once every three months. Gifts or certificate of merits may be given to those who excel in their performance. Literacy education shall be reinforced to illiterate detainees.Article 45 　 Detention center shall establish broadcasting equipment and broadcasting center to broadcast music and educational novels, stories, or drama so as to achieve educational purposes. The broadcasting work shall be performed by professional personnel.Article 46 　 Detention center shall establish a library, and the list of books shall be placed in the workshop and cell for defendants' preview. The defendants intending to check out books shall complete the check-out process, and the books shall be properly managed.Article 47 　 Subject to its actual need, a detention center shall make and enforce the work schedule for the defendants.Chapter VI Behavior ReviewArticle 48 　 The chief of the department of general affairs, department of safeguard and security, and consultants shall be responsible for reviewing behaviors of defendants.Article 49 　 In order to meet the needs of investigation and trial, the personnel responsible for behavior review shall make the review diligently and in good faith, and shall make the following the records:1.Behavior review form.2.Labor score form.3.Personality review form.4.Behavior review consolidated table.Article 50 　 Behavior review shall be made once a month, and the score arising from such review shall account for 30% of average score. The scope of review shall include thinking, language, characteristics, attitude, and merits and punishment. The initial review on this item shall be conducted by the attending administrator and the secondary review shall be conducted by the chief of the department of guard and security.Article 51 　 Personality review shall be made once a month, and the score arising from such review shall account for 30% of the average score. The scope of review shall include loyalty, fidelity, obedience, law-abiding, and cooperation. The initial review on this item shall be conductecl by the attending administrator, and the secondary review shall be conducted by the chief of the department of safeguard and security.Article 52 　 Labor review shall be made once a month, and the score arising form such review shall account for 40% of the average score. The initial review on this item shall be conducted by the labor instructor, and the secondary review shall be conducted by the chief of the department of safeguard and security.Article 53 　 The total score arising from the review made under the preceding three articles shall be entered into behavior review consolidated table and be made on the end of each month, The total score shall be submitted by the chief of the department of safeguard and security to the Detention Affair Committee for a discreet review and grading.Article 54 　 The grading shall be classified into 4 levels: A, B, C, and D. Those whose score is under 60 shall be classified as level D; those whose score is 60 or more but under 70 shall be classified as level C; those whose score is 70 or more but under 85 shall be classified as level B; those whose score is 85 or more but under 100 shall be classified as level A.Article 55 　 Article 75 of the Prison Act shall apply to those who are classified as level A for three months consecutively, and award shall be given subject to resolution adopted in the Detention Affair Committee. If the defendant to whom an award is given is found to have violated the rules of the detention center and is classified as level D in the course of award enforcement, the award may be suspended or revoked by a resolution adopted in the Detention Affair Committee.Article 56 　 Where defendant is transferred to a prison after a decision is final and irrevocable, the detention center shall forward a copy of the photo chart, identity slip, and behavior review consolidated table to the prison under Article 36 of the Act for its reference, and their originals shall be attached to the identification booklet of the defendant.Chapter VII SupplyArticle 57 　 The nutrition of main & sub meals for defendants shall be sufficient to fulfill his/her health needs. The quality of food shall meet the hygiene standard, be freshly prepared, and be provided regularly. Waters for drinking and other uses shall also be prepared for defendants.Article 58 　 Detention center shall, in accordance with defendant's nationality or religious beliefs, change tho menu of defendant's main and sub meals to appropriate foods. Foods for defendants with illness and for defendants' children are subject to different standards in accordance with needs, in addition to the change and distribution of more appropriate foods.Article 59 　 Clothes ,mattresses, shoes, and socks for defendants shall be domestically produced, in addition to coping with various protection needs in different seasons. The style and colors of defendants' clothes shall all be decided by the governing authority. Defendants' clothes and mattress shall be cleaned and exposed to the sunlight regularlly.Article 60 　 The food, clothes, comforters, books, and supplies as prepared by a defendant shall be subject to inspection.Article 61 　 The clothes and bedding furnishings prepared by a defendant shall be entered into a registry made by the detention center and may be carried out when he/she is discharged after a verification is made.The clothes, bedding furnishings, and daily supplies shall be entered into a registry, and attention shall be paid to their use.Article 62 　 The rules governing the primary and supplementary food and treatment as adopted by a juvenile detention center shall be applied to those of a juvenile defendant.Chapter VIII SanitaryArticle 63 　 Detention center's sanitary facilities shall be built with a purpose to maintain the healthiness of defendants' physical and mental state. Educational lessons on sanitary shall also be conducted frequently, in an effort to educate defendants with the notion of the importance of public and individual sanitation and of developing a sanitary living habit.Article 64 　 The cells, workshop, kitchen, stadium, and surrounding environment of detention center shall be neat and clean,Article 65 　 Detention center shall have sanitary facilities (including toilets and showering facilities) that fulfill defendants' needs in daily life, in addition to providing hot water and cold water depending on the season. Defendants shall take shower once per day during summer times, once per two days during spring and fall, and once per three days with hot water during winter times.Article 66 　 Detention center shall have an implementation of precautious and preventive measures for epidemic or other acute contagious diseases. In times deemed necessary, physical examination shall be conducted for defendants in addition to providing proper medical treatments. In situations where defendants or defendants' accompanied children are ill, detention center's physicians shall provide sincere diagnosis and treatment for them without any delay, in addition to making a diagnosis record for future references. In times where there is an insufficiency of available doctors, the detention center shall negotiate and appoint doctors from outside hospitals to assist in the situation.Article 67 　 A defendant who suffers from a serious illness and is hospitalizecl under Article 22 of the Act shall be deemed detained, and a notice shall be given to his/her family for providing care. Where the defendant is in critical condition, a notice shall be given to his/her family, relatives, or friends as soon as possible.Article 68 　 Where a defendant suffers from a serious illness, is deceased, or is in any other necessary conditions, a notice shall be given to his/her spouse or family as soon as possible.Article 69 　 Sanitary equipments, apparatuses, and medicines shall be subject to uses, maintenance, and protection with careful discretion. Medicines claimed by the defendant to be brought in by the defendant himself/herself or given by a visiting relative require prior consent from detention center's physicians before being permitted for purchases or carrying in.Aforementioned item of medicines shall be recorded with names and in-take dosage in a logbook.Consumption of alcoholic substitute, narcotics or hallucinogenic by any defendant is strictly prohibited.Article 70 　 If detention center's physicians deem the treatment of defendant unsuitable to defendant's physical and mental health condition, recommendations shall be filed to the supervising section or superintendent of the detention center.Article 71 　 Under the principles of not interfering with the safety and security ofthe detention center, detention center shall plant flowers and trees to a large extent and create a beautiful environment that is full of educational purposes, in addition to establishing sufficient sports facilities and equipments for defendants.Chapter IX VisitArticle 72 　 Visiting a defendant shall be made at the reception room; provided, however, if a defendant suffers from illness or due to specials circumstances, visiting may be conducted at other suitable places. Visiting a defendant shall be conducted in the presence of and strictly monitored by an administrator. The visiting shall be limited to once a day, and each visiting is limited to 30 minutes, unless otherwise there exists factor beyond reasonable control and a special approval is given by the officers of the detention center.To achieve the objectives for detention, proper restrictions may be imposed by the officers of the detention center on the times of visiting.Article 73 　 He/She who requests to visit a defendant shall provide the reception room with the causes for his/her visiting. The supervisor shall enter the name, occupation, age, and address of the visitor, as well as causes of the visiting and the name of the defendant, and the relationship between the visitor and the defendant into the registry, and the submit the same to the superintendent for his approval.Article 74 　 The language used in the course of the visiting shall be traditional chinese language, and no secret language may be used. Where a defendant is a foreigner or with no nationality, the language spoken in his country or the language commonly used in the world may be used in the course the visiting.Article 75 　 He/She who requests to visit a defendant may bring the defendant's children aged under 5.Article 76 　 If a visitor is in any of the following cases, the requested visiting may be denied:1. The visitor fails to bring his identification.2. The behavior of the visitor is suspicious.3. Three or more visitors visiting one defendant at the same time.4. The visitor is drunken or insane.The visitor who has not completed the visiting registration shall not substitute the registered visitor or visit the defendant together with the registered visitor.Article 77 　 A defendant shall not request to visit another defendant, unless otherwise there are due causes for the requested visiting and the requested visiting is approved by the officers of the detention center.Article 78 　 A visitor shall not bring any weapons, arms, and contrabands.Article 79 　 The Rules of Safekeeping Procedure for Prisoner's Money and Goods shall be applied to the money or goods given by a visitor to a defendant.Article 80 　 An attorney who requests to visit a defendant shall be limited to the one appointed by the court or selected by the defendant. The attorney referred to in tho preceding paragraph shall produce the documents evidcncing such appointment or selection.Article 81 　 Visiting a defendant by an attorney shall be conducted in the time frame set forth in Article 26 of the Act, unless there exist special reasons and the special request is approved by the officers of the detention center.Article 82 　 Visiting a defendant by an attorney shall be conducted in the place designated by the detention center.Article 83 　 The conversation between an attorney and the visited defendant shall be limited to the matters in connection with the proceeding, and no inappropriate conversation or conducts is allowed.Article 84 　 Any giving or receiving of money or goods between an attorney and the visited defendant shall be subject to approval of the officers of the detention center.Chapter X SafekeepingArticle 85 　 Foods and necessities given to defendants shall be inspected. Types and quantities are subject to the following rules and limitations: 1. Foods: Restricted to canned foods, candy and cookies, dishes and fruits, which shall not exceed 2 kilograms each time. Items that endanger the health of defendants are concealed with prohibited items, or offend the discipline of the detention center shall not be permitted toget in.2. Necessities: the quantity of sheets, mattresses, pillows, shoes and socks, towels, and pens shall be limited to one for each item each time. Only at times when the items are damaged and unusable new items shall be permitted to be given to defendants. The quantity of soaps, toothpaste, toothbrush, and inks shall be limited to three for each item each time. 50 envelops, 100 sheets of letter, two packages of toilet paper are permitted each time. Three books or magazines during each visit and one newspaper each day. However, items that are concealed with prohibited items or offend the discipline of the detention center are not permitted to be given to defendants. In circumstances where the content of the books and magazines, as well as the newspaper, interferes with the defendants of detention progress, the readings shall not be given to the defendants.Article 86 　 The Rules of Safekeeping Procedure for Prisoner's Money and Goods shall be applied mutatis mutandis to the custody of defendant's money and goods. The safekeeping of defendants' goods shall be kept away from humidity and be exposed to the sunlight regularly, in addition to disinfection in times deemed necessary.Article 87 　 Foods aud goods which are permitted to be given to defendants and confiscated or abandoned valuables pursuant to Acts shall be registered in a logbook.Chapter XI Discharge and ProtectionArticle 88 　 When a detention center discharges a defendant, it shall verify the seals of judge or prosecutor as affixed to the discharge notice. If the seals are illegible, the notice may be returned for rectification.Article 89 　 Where a discharged defendant requests rehabilitation protection, a detention center shall verify his/her need for protection and notify the local rehabilitation protection authority to attend to such request.Chapter XII DeathArticle 90 　 When a defendant is deceased, a notice shall be immediately given to a prosecutor for inspection, and the certificate of death shall be sent to the goveming authority.lf the deceased defendant is detained in the course of trial proceeding, a notice shall be given to the court.If the corpse referred to in the preceding paragraph is not accepted by any family, it shall be disposed of by the detention center under relevant laws and regulations.Article 91 　 In circumstances where the defendant dies in detention center or hospital transferred, the preservation of the corpse shall be carefully supervised.Chapter XIII Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 92 　 If the detention center for civil matters is established within a detention center, segregation between the former and latter shall be strictly enforced, and the rules of civil detention center shall be applied.Article 93 　 Where there are no specific provisions stipulated in the Act for Juvenile Detention Center which may be applied to detention of a juvenile defendant, the Act and these Enforcement Rules shall be applied.Article 94 　 This Enforcement Rules is effective upon promulgation.
