Article 1
This Organizational Rule is established by the Institute of Forensic Medicine, Ministry of Justice (hereinafter referred to as “the Institute”) in order to specify the job function of each internal unit. Article 2
The General Director manages all affairs of the Institute, as well as conducting and supervising all personnel; the Deputy Director assists the General Director in the handling of all the affairs of the Institute. Article 3
The Institute is composed of the below mentioned divisions (office):1. Forensic Pathology Division2. Forensic Toxicology Division3. Forensic Genetics and Evidence Tracing Division4. Secretarial Office Article 4
Responsibilities of the Forensic Pathology Division:1. To examine, identify and investigate the cadaver.2. To examine, identify and investigate the pathology.3. To examine, identify and investigate the cause of death.4. To explain and investigate the dubious and difficult cases of forensic pathology.5. To formulate the standard operational procedure of the forensic pathology laboratory.6. To instruct and supervise the forensic medicine affairs at each District Prosecutors Office.7. To cultivate, educate and train forensic medical experts.8. Other affairs relating to the investigation and development of forensic pathology. Article 5
Responsibilities of the Forensic Toxicology Division:1. To examine, identify and investigate toxicological chemistry.2. To examine, identify and investigate biological chemistry.3. To examine, identify and investigate pharmaceutical chemistry.4. To explain and investigate the dubious and difficult cases of forensic toxicology.5. To formulate the standard operational procedure of the forensic toxicology laboratory.6. Other affairs relating to the investigation and development of forensic toxicology. Article 6
Responsibilities of the Forensic Genetics and Evidence Tracing Division:1. To examine, identify and investigate serum and other serum-related criminal evidence.2. To establish the database for regional population frequency of various types of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), as well as to analyze and investigate the relevant data.3. To identify and contrast the type of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) for unidentified cadavers.4. To explain and investigate the dubious and difficult cases of forensic biology, such as serum evidence, etc.5. To formulate a standard operational procedure of the deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) laboratory.6. Other affairs relating to the investigation and development of forensic biology, such as serum evidence, etc. Article 7
Responsibilities of the Secretarial Office:1. To draw up and appraise the implementation plan and working report of the Institute.2. The custody of official seals, as well as the management of documents and archives.3. To manage the cashier, finance, repair, maintenance, procurement, and other administrative affairs.4. To communicate with Congress, to arrange public relationship affairs with the media, and to release the dispatch.5. To arrange affairs relating to conferences and meetings, as well aspreparing relevant reports and minutes.6. To supervise all public assets and property.7. To manage the maintenance worker (including technical workers and drivers).8. To archive rules and regulations, and to enlighten the forensic medicine education.9. The repair and maintenance of electronic instruments, the management and maintenance of information-related affairs.10. Affairs that are not under the authority or responsibility of other divisions. Article 8
The personnel superintendent of the Institute is in charge of personnel related affairs in accordance with relevant regulations. Article 9
The accountant of the Institute is in charge of affairs related to budgeting, accounting, and statistics in accordance with relevant regulations. Article 10
The operation and authorization of the Institute are based on hierarchical system, and details specified on relevant table. Article 11
These organizational Rules were enforced on Jan. 01, 2012. 
