Article 1
The Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Justice establishes the Training Academy (Hereinafter referred to as “the Academy”) to conduct various operational trainings for its special agents and security staff. Article 2
The Academy has one director to handle all affairs relating the Academy. This post is filled by the Director General of the Bureau. Article 3
The Academy has two deputy directors of the recommended or selected appointment rank. One of them works full time. The deputy directors, being answerable to the director, shall assist with affairs relating the Academy. Article 4
The Academy has one secretary of the recommended appointment rank to review documents. Article 5
The Academy has three unit chiefs of the recommended appointment rank to take care of academic affairs, training and general affairs, respectively. Each unit is configured with two to three specialists of the recommended appointment rank, two to three unit members and two to three assistants, all of the designated appointment rank with their respective responsibilities answerable to supervisors. Article 6
Instructors at the Academy, besides part-time instructors paid by the hour, include one chief instructor and two instructors, all of the selected appointment rank or hired through a contract, and three assistant instructors of the designated or recommended appointment rank. Article 7
The Academy is configured with a chief captain of the recommended appointment rank and two captains of the designated or recommended appointment rank to take care of trainees’ daily affairs and management. Article 8
The Academy is configured with one accountant and one personnel manager of the designated appointment rank to take care of accounting, annual budget, statistics, and personnel management, respectively. Article 9
The Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Justice shall establish training programs and guidelines for the Academy. Article 10
The Statute shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
