Article 1
This regulation is enacted pursuant to paragraph 1, Article 18 of the Anti-Corruption Act. Article 2
The corruption & malfeasance cases referred to in this regulation mean these offences as follows:1. The offences prescribed in Article 4 to 6 of the Anti-Corruption Act.2. The offences prescribed in paragraph 1 of Article 121, paragraph 1 & 2 of Article 122, Article 123 and paragraph 1 of Article 131 of the Criminal Code of the Republic of China.3. The offences prescribed in paragraph 1 of Article 9 and paragraph 1 of Article 10 of the Smuggling Penalty Act.4. The offences prescribed in paragraph 1 of Article 19 and Article 20 of Punishment Act for Violation to Military Service System.5. Public servant who takes advantage of authority, opportunities, means in his or her capacity to commit the crimes prescribed in paragraph 1 to 5 of Article 4, Article 5, paragraph 1 to 4 of Article 6, paragraph 1 & 2 of Article 12 of the Narcotics Hazard Prevention Act6. Public servant who intentionally harbors those who commit the crimes prescribed in the preceding subparagraph Article 3
Informants who reported to prosecutor offices, judicial police authority or government employee ethics units of undiscovered corruption & malfeasance cases shall be issued a reporting reward in accordance with this regulation (hereinafter referred to as “the Reward”). Article 4
The Reward shall not be issued in any one of the following circumstances:1. The fact reported is not consistent with that indicated in the Court’s written judgment.2. The public servant who is aware of any suspicious corruption & malfeasance case in performing his or her duties reports the offense.3. Informants join, solicit, or aid another party in a corruption & malfeasance offense.4. A person who promises, or gives a bribe or other improper benefits to a public servant intentionally and then report the set up offense.5. Informants report anonymously or with a fictitious name, or report without presenting specific evidences or refuse to take a statement6. Informants entrust others to report, report in the name of others, or are commissioned to report.In the case of the Subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph, if it is otherwise provided by the statutes, such statutes shall be followed. Article 5
The reward shall be increased by one-half portion if more than five offenders are convicted by the Court in the same corruption & malfeasance case reported. The maximum reward shall not exceed NTD 10 million.The same corruption & malfeasance case defined in the preceding paragraph shall consist of the circumstances including multiple offences committed by one offender, single or multiple offences jointly committed by several offenders, or one conviction judgment. Article 6
The reward shall be equally distributed to every informant when multiple informants jointly report on the corruption & malfeasance case. Also, multiple informants respectively report on the same corruption & malfeasance case shall share the rewards equally if their order in seniority cannot be judged.In the circumstance that the same corruption & malfeasance case is reported by several informants successively, the Reward shall be granted to the first one who presents concrete evidence; the other informants who present significant and direct evidences that help solving the case may be granted discretionary Reward within the amount specified in paragraph 1 of Article 7. Article 7
A one-third portion of the Reward calculated based on the criteria listed in the appendix table shall be granted to the informant if the corruption & malfeasance case is convicted by the court. After the final guilty judgment has been entered, the informant shall receive the remaining Rewards.In the circumstances that the Reward shall not be issued that the facts reported by the informant are correspond with the Subparagraph 1, paragraph 1, Article 4, however, the Review Commission prescribed in Article 8, paragraph 2 of this Regulation approves and considers that the reported facts are significantly helpful in solving the case, withal the conviction is affirmed by court, a one-tenth portion of the Reward calculated based on the criteria listed in the appendix table may be awarded.The Reward shall be issued after deduction of tax payable.According to related regulations set forth in the Civil Code, the heir shall take the Reward if the Informant has passed away.Except as provided in the provisions set forth in Article 11 of this Regulation, the rewards granted shall not be recovered. Appendix Table：Rewarding Criteria for Reporting Corruption & Malfeasance Cases.doc 
