[The Lord's Case against Israel] 1 Listen to what the Lord  is saying: "Stand up and state your case against me. Let the mountains and hills be called to witness your complaints.2 And now, O mountains, listen to the Lord 's complaint! He has a case against his people. He will bring charges against Israel.3 "O my people, what have I done to you? What have I done to make you tired of me? Answer me!4 For I brought you out of Egypt and redeemed you from slavery. I sent Moses, Aaron, and Miriam to help you.5 Don't you remember, my people, how King Balak of Moab tried to have you cursed and how Balaam son of Beor blessed you instead? And remember your journey from Acacia Grove[a] to Gilgal, when I, the Lord , did everything I could to teach you about my faithfulness."6 What can we bring to the Lord ? Should we bring him burnt offerings? Should we bow before God Most High with offerings of yearling calves?7 Should we offer him thousands of rams and ten thousand rivers of olive oil? Should we sacrifice our firstborn children to pay for our sins?8 No, O people, the Lord  has told you what is good, and this is what he requires of you: to do what is right, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God. [Israel's Guilt and Punishment] 9 Fear the Lord  if you are wise! His voice calls to everyone in Jerusalem: "The armies of destruction are coming; the Lord  is sending them.[b]10 What shall I say about the homes of the wicked filled with treasures gained by cheating? What about the disgusting practice of measuring out grain with dishonest measures?[c]11 How can I tolerate your merchants who use dishonest scales and weights?12 The rich among you have become wealthy through extortion and violence. Your citizens are so used to lying that their tongues can no longer tell the truth.13 "Therefore, I will wound you! I will bring you to ruin for all your sins.14 You will eat but never have enough. Your hunger pangs and emptiness will remain. And though you try to save your money, it will come to nothing in the end. You will save a little, but I will give it to those who conquer you.15 You will plant crops but not harvest them. You will press your olives but not get enough oil to anoint yourselves. You will trample the grapes but get no juice to make your wine.16 You keep only the laws of evil King Omri; you follow only the example of wicked King Ahab! Therefore, I will make an example of you, bringing you to complete ruin. You will be treated with contempt, mocked by all who see you."       Footnotes:a.   6:5 Hebrew Shittim.  b.   6:9 Hebrew "Listen to the rod. / Who appointed it?" c.   6:10 Hebrew of using the short ephah? The ephah was a unit for measuring grain. 
