Article 1
The Measures are enacted pursuant to Article 20 of Public Assistance Act. Article 2
Targets of these measures are as follows:1. Patients and injuries classified from low-income households.2. Medical treatment fee is not affordable for middle-to-low-income households, suffering from a severe injury or disease, or their dependents.3. Excluded the former two subparagraphs, medical treatment fee is not affordable for people suffering from a severe injury or disease and has an average family income less than 1.5 times minimum living expenses per each person per month.The limitation of total medical treatment fees up to NTD30,000 accumulated from previous three months provided in Paragraph 1, Article 3 will be applicable by the above mentioned subparagraph 2. The limitation of total medical treatment fees up to NTD50,000 accumulated from previous three months provided in Paragraph 1, Article 3 will be applicable by the above mentioned Subparagraph 3. Article 3
The subsidy items defined in these measures must be due to the partial afforded medical expenses within Public Health Care Insurance for medical service of disease or injuries or medical expenses not paid by Health insurance benefits.The above mentioned medical expenses do not include fees for artificial limbs, artificial eyeball, artificial tooth, spectacles, prosthodontia, plastic surgery, patient transportation, physician’s appointments, special nurses, material fees for prescribed drugs, registration fees, disease prevention and operations for preventive reasons other than diseases or birth control ligation, nursing fees and ward appointment fees during hospitalization. Article 4
Subsidy standards of these measures are as follows：1. Full grant defined in Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1 of Article 2.2. 20% reduction of grant defined in Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1 of Article 2.3. 30% reduction of grant defined in Subparagraph 3, Paragraph 1 of Article 2. Article 5
Application for medical expense subsidy requires the original receipt of a National Health Care Insurance Contracted Hospital or Clinic, and a certificate indicating necessity of medical treatment signed by physicians; the applicants should apply the medical subsidy payment in their registered permanent residence of local Township (City or District) Offices within three months after discharge from the hospital or being hospitalized; and the County (City) Competent Authority pay subsidy after verification. Article 6
The subsidy for medical treatment will be paid in cash. Article 7
The County (City) Competent Authority should prescribe regulations of handing guidelines for subsidy of medical treatment. Article 8
The measures will take effective since they are promulgated. 
