Article 1
These Enforcement Rules (Hereinafter referred to as the “ Regulation”) are enacted pursuant to Article 20 of the Self-defense Guns Control Act. Article 2
The detailed names of Category A and Category B guns called in Article 2 of the Regulation shall be reported by the City or County(City) governments at appropriate time to the Ministry of the Interior for approval. Article 3
Among the 6 pieces of photos handed in according to Subparagraph 1,Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Regulation, 3 will be attached on the application letters, 1 on the self-defense license, 2 on the self-defense management cards, 1 sent to the municipal or county (city) police departments , and 1 kept in the examination department. Article 4
The application register and temporary examination certificates prescribed in Subparagraph 1 and 2, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Regulation are as described in the attachment 1,2 and 3, the self-defense gun brand as attachment 4, and the self-defense gun license as the attachment 5. When filling in and granting the license, the steel seal shall be stamped at the location of photo on the inner page of the license. Article 5
The “foreigners enjoying diplomatic positions” in Article 8 of the Regulation includes the personnel of the foreign government departments accredited into the Republic of China.The quantity of self-defense guns held by the foreigners residing in the Republic of China (or the foreigners enjoying diplomatic positions) as prescribed in Article 8 of the Regulation shall be subject to the limit prescribed in the Paragraph 1 of Article 6 of the Regulation. Article 6
The letter of application, statement of guns experiences, and list of employees for public departments and organizations to apply for self-defense gun licenses according to Article 9 of the Regulation are as described in the attachment 1, 6 and 7. Article 7
Use of approved self-defense guns of a public department or organization shall be limited within the location of the department or organization, and the users must have the certificates of the department or organization. Article 8
The holders of self-defense guns shall fill in and submit the renewal application form 15 days before the expiration of original gun licenses. The format of new application form is as shown in the attachment 1. The expired licenses shall be handed in and cancelled.Where a foreigner residing in the Republic of China (or a foreigner enjoy diplomatic position) leaves the country due to elimination of the reasons for residence, the self-defense guns held by him/her and the licenses shall be submitted to the exit joint inspection organ for verification. After the verification is passed, the guns will be returned back to the foreigner, and the original licenses will be transferred to the original licensing department for cancellation. Article 9
Where a foreigner enjoying diplomatic position holds firearms and/or ammunitions other than listed in Article 2 of the Regulation or unlicensed self-defense guns, these guns and/or ammunitions shall be appropriately stored by the corresponding embassy or consulate, and may not be resold or presented without permission by the municipal or county (city) governments, and export of them shall be supervised. Article 10
The formats of the list of self-defense guns and ammunitions as prescribed in Article 15 of the Regulation and the declaration for emigration ( or immigration) of self-defense guns as prescribed in item 9, Paragraph 1, Article 17 of the Regulation are as shown in the attachment 2 and 8.For self-defense guns and ammunitions held by foreigners enjoying diplomatic position, the municipal or county (city) governments shall request by official letter the foreign affairs office to inform the corresponding embassy or consulate or the organ enjoying diplomatic position to perform periodical inspection every year. The formats of the list of required guns and ammunitions and the declaration for emigration (or immigration) of self-defense guns are the same as prescribed in the above paragraph. Article 11
The municipal or county (city) governments have the right to carry out overall examination without prior notice, and the examiners shall wear specified uniform and show their identity certificates.Where it is deemed necessary to take a self-defense gun to the office for examination, the municipal or county (city) governments may produce a voucher for temporarily keeping the gun, and shall return it to the holder after completion of examination.The provisions of the above two paragraphs are applicable to the police of all levels to handle temporary overall examination. Article 12
The statement of loss as prescribed in Subparagraph 3 and 4, Paragraph 1, Article 17 of the Regulation shall include the cause, time and place of loss as well as the appearance of the gun or the license number, and shall be published obviously on local famous newspapers. Article 13
Where a foreigner enjoying diplomatic position temporarily leaves the country without carrying the Category A self-defense guns and immunizations held by him/her, they shall be sent to the corresponding embassy, consulate or foreign government department for keeping. Article 14
In case of loss of a self-defense gun, a declaration of loss shall be filled in, and submitted together with the certificate of loss and the newspaper publicizing the statement of loss to the municipal or county (city) governments for verification, and the original license shall be handed in for cancellation. The format of declaration is as shown in the attachment 9. Article 15
In case of loss of a self-defense gun, application form for loss shall be filled in, and submitted together with the newspaper publicizing the statement of loss to the municipal or county (city) governments for verification and re-licensing. The format of declaration is as shown in the attachment 9. Article 16
In case of damage of Category A self-defense guns or consumption of the bullets, application form for damage of guns or consumption of bullets shall be filled in and submitted to the municipal or county (city) governments for verification. The format of application form is as shown in the attachment 10. Article 17
Upon alteration of the principal of a public department or organization that has been equipped with self-defense guns, the name, age, occupation and dwelling address of the new principal shall be reported to the examination department for future reference. Article 18
Where a self-defense gun is of no use, application form for purchasing self-defense guns shall be filled in, and submitted together with the original license and all the bullets to the municipal or county (city) governments to request purchasing. The format of application form is as shown in the attachment 11. Article 19
In case the original holder of a self-defense gun dies, the subsequent user shall fill in the application form for re-granting self-defense gun license, and submit it together with the original license and a copy of household register to the municipal or county (city) governments within 3 months. The application form is as shown in the attachment 1.The above-mentioned subsequent user shall have legal right of inheritance. In case the heritor is a minor or a person of legal incapacity, or meets the conditions for disapproval as prescribed in paragraph 1, subparagraph 2, Article 6 of this Regulation, the gun and bullets shall be purchased by the municipal or county (city) governments. Article 20
Where transit passengers, shipmen, and crewmen of aircrafts or civil aviation need to land or leave the airport, the guns carried on their persons shall be temporarily kept by the Customs at the entry place. Article 21
Hunting permit shall also be applied for where the guns are Category B ones dedicated for hunting. Article 22
These Enforcement Rules will take effect since they are issued. 
