Article 1
These Enforcement Rules are enacted pursuant to Article 30 of the Civil Defense Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The “air attack information transfer” in Subparagraph 1, Article 2 of the Act means that the organ under the Ministry of National Defense that undertakes the task of air control transfers air defense information to the defense information units upon finding enemy airplanes or missiles entering Taiwan. The “alarm release” refers to the action performed by the civil defense units to start the alarm upon receipt of the order of releasing air attack alarms issued by the air force combat headquarters. Article 3
The “supporting military duty” in Subparagraph 4, Article 2 of the Law means that the members of civil defense teams cooperate with the military units of national defense to execute the following affairs:1. First-aid repair of military airport, military port, military plant and warehouse and other important facilities.2. First-aid repair of war-preparation road and runway as well as railway, highway, bridge, tunnel and other facilities related to movement of troops.3. Assistance in loading, transportation and unloading of military goods.4. Assistance in establishment of military obstacles.5. Monitoring the air and reporting the dynamic conditions of enemy airplanes.6. Monitoring and reporting airlanding enemies, missile attach and other conditions.7. Assistance in medical operations for the wounded.8. Other tasks designated by the Ministry of National Defense based on negotiation with the central regulating department. Article 4
The “civil defense facilities and equipments” in Subparagraph 8, Article 2 of the Act are as follows:1. Air attack information transfer system.2. Air attack alarm release system.3. Air defense evacuation and refuge facilities.4. Others designated by the regulating department. Article 5
The “civil defense work related to military duty” referred to in Paragraph 2, Article 3 of the Act includes the following:1. Transfer of air attack information.2. Release of air attack alarms.3. Air defense evacuation and refuge.4. Grouping and utilization of civil defense teams.5. Other tasks designated by the central regulating department based on negotiation with the Ministry of National Defense. Article 6
When the grouping department (organ) selects civil defense team members pursuant to Paragraph 1, Article 5 of the Act, for those who are in active officer service, non-commissioned officer service and standing soldier service and military training of standing soldier service as prescribed in Subparagraph 1, Article 6 of the Act, or meet the provisions of Subparagraph 2 and 3, the grouping department (organ) shall report to the City or County (City) reserve command headquarters under the MND reserve command headquarters at the domicile location of the foresaid persons for examination; for those who are in substitute service training, the grouping department (organ) shall report to the City or County(City) government at the domicile location of the foresaid persons for examination. After examination is made, the list of the persons exempted from civil defense teams shall be sent to the grouping department (organ). Article 7
The “people with disabilities” in Subparagraph 1, Article 7 of this Act refers to those who hold the disability identifications according to the People with Disabilities Rights Protection Act. Article 8
The “persons not suitable for grouping due to health conditions” in Subparagraph 2, Article 7 of the Act refers to those who are not able to participate in civil defense due to illness, and have the certificates produced by qualified hospitals.The above-mentioned persons not suitable for grouping shall submit application to the corresponding grouping department (organ), to request the regulating department to approve them to be exempted from participating in civil defense team grouping. Article 9
The “persons not suitable for grouping due to official business” in Subparagraph 3, Article 7 of the Act refers to those who takes government decision responsibilities in central departments, assumes important positions for effectively operating the government, professional technicians in national defense industry undertaking the production of military goods, or other persons designated by the regulating department.The corresponding departments (organ) of the above-mentioned persons not suitable for grouping shall submit applications to the regulating department for exempting them from participating in civil defense team grouping. Article 10
The information for helping investigation of air defense affairs mentioned in Subparagraph 5, Article 22 of the Act are as follows:1. Quantity, capacity, and configuration of air defense evacuation and refuge facilities.2. Enemies airlanding and missile attack conditions.3. Quantity and location of air attack alarm systems.4. Others designated by the Ministry of National Defense based on negotiation with the central regulating department. Article 11
The formats of the letters and forms mentioned in the Act shall be prescribed by the Central regulating department. Article 12
These Rules shall take effect since the Act is enforced.The amended articles hereof shall come into effect as of the day of promulgation. 
