Article 1
These Rules are enacted pursuant to Article 45 of the Public Assistance Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The standard amount adjusted annually to low income families and the minimum of subsistence respectively according to Paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 4 and Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 of Article 4-1 of the Act are announced by the competent authorities under the jurisdiction of Central and Municipality Governments by September 30 of the previous year. Article 3
Municipal or County(City) competent authorities should create the basic profile of low-income and middle-to-low-income households and submit it to the Municipal or County(City) competent Civil Authorities (units) for verification every month; the results should be submitted to the Municipal or County(City) competent authorities by the third working day of the following month.The Municipal or County (City) competent authorities should monthly submit profile of low-income and middle-to-low-income households to the competent authorities of international matters to verify any entry and exit transaction. Article 4
The “single parent family” mentioned in Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 3, Article 5 of the Act refers to a family where one parent alone raises a child aged less than 18 years old, who is unmarried and still studies in school, as well as one of the conditions as follows:1. Spouse died.2. Spouse is missing and is not found for more than six months after a report case is reported to police authorities.3. Divorce verdict is made by a law court or divorce is made by mediation or settlement in court.4. Because of domestic violence, divorce registration is completed after couple’s negotiation.5. Divorce is filed with the court in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 1, Article 1052 of Civil Law.6. Spouse serves imprisonment for definite term of over one year or loses liberty for over one year because of punishment of security protection. The punishment of either the former or the latter is now being executed.7. Unmarried after divorced with the ex-spouse meeting to conditions of paragraphs 1, 2 and 5 or issued a full protection order due to domestic violence by the ex-spouse.An applicant needs to meet one of the above-mentioned conditions as well as he or she alone is raising a child aged between 18 to 25 years old who studies in a Taiwanese school, which follows Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 5-3 of the Act, or takes care of a physically or mentally disabled child who is incapable of helping himself or herself. The competent authorities under the jurisdiction of Central and Municipality Governments will make an investigation to see the family’s actual needs and financial ability and decide whether a single parent family has the specified situation. Article 5
“Incapability of raising a family” mentioned in Subparagraph 3, Paragraph 3, Article 5 of the Act means that a family has less than a certain amount of money of personal property and real estate that the competent authorities under the jurisdiction of Central and Municipality Governments announce in that year, and also refers to one of the conditions as follows:1. Being listed in low income families.2. Being unable to work because suffering from severe wounds and illness and needing to have treatment for over three months.3. Being unable to work because looking after a family member who has specific physical and mental disability or suffers from specific illness and cannot take care of himself or herself.4. Being unable to work because of physical or mental disability.5. Being certified as unemployed after making a registration according to Article 25 of the Employment Insurance Law, or obtaining an unemployment certificate after being re-identified as unemployment after making a registration according to Articles 29 and 30 of the Employment Insurance Law.About the scope of specific physical and mental disability and illness mentioned in the foregoing Subparagraph 3, and Subparagraph 4, Paragraph 1, Article 5-3 of the Act, please refer to attached Tables 1 & 2. Table 1：Scope of Specific Physical and Mental Disability.docTable 2：Certain Scopes of Diseases.doc 
