Article 1
The Rules are stipulated in accordance with the Youth Act (referred to as "the Act" hereinafter) Article 54.2. Article 2
The said "Youth Welfare & Education Institute" (referred to as "the Institute" hereinafter) is a child and youth welfare institute that is responsible for placement and counseling in accordance with the Child and Youth Welfare Law. Article 3
The competent authority mentioned in the Rules means for the governmental authority responsible for the institute of placement. Article 4
The Institute is for the placement of youths and children that are sentenced by the youth court in accordance with the Establishment and Management Rules of Welfare and Cultivation Institutes for Youth Allocation and Guidance Article 42.1.3. Article 5
The Institute is to have the placement and counseling of youth processed in accordance with the Youth Act, Children & Youth Welfare Law, Youth & Rules Governing Children Protection, and the Establishment and Management Rules of Welfare and Cultivation Institutes for Youth Allocation and Guidance. Article 6
The Institute is to have an agreement signed with youth court for the placement and counseling of youth and with the District Government and county (city) government of each individual case notified.The agreement includes the information of contracted period, service charges, and management of each case.Upon the modification or termination of the agreement, the District Government and county (city) government of each individual case should be notified. Article 7
The Institute is to work with the Youth Officer appointed by the youth court to have the counseling program drafted up for each individual.The Institute is obliged to have the performance of the said counseling program reported to the youth court in writing on a monthly basis and with the District Government and county (city) government of each individual case notified. Moreover, the information of the counseling program completed is to be forwarded to the youth court within ten days upon the completion of the counseling program and with the District Government and county (city) government of each individual case notified. Article 8
The Institute may appeal to the youth court to have the placement and counseling program exempted or extended in accordance with the Youth Law Article 55.2. The Institute may appeal to the youth court to have an advice issued in accordance with the Youth Act Article 55.3. If the advance is ineffective, the Institute may appeal to the youth court to have the youngster detained for a 5-day observation. Article 9
The competent authority is to consult, supervise, and inspect the business performance and financial management of the Institute in accordance with the Children & Youth Welfare Law.The competent authority is to have the Institute that performs poorly disciplined in accordance with the Children & Youth Welfare Law and with each youth court informed. Article 10
For the counseling program of the Institute that involves justice, education, health, labor, and/or other responsible governmental departments, the Institute may appeal to the youth court and competent authority to contact and coordinate the responsible department for cooperation. Article 11
The Rules will be enforced upon announcement. 
