Article 1
To implement the essence of multiculturalism in the Constitution, thisAct is formulated to pass down Hakka language and culture, develop Hakka cultural industries, promote Hakka affairs, secure the collective rights and interests of the Hakka ethnic group, and establish harmonious coexistence with common prosperity. Article 2
The terms and definitions of this Act are specified as follows:1. Hakka refers to people who have Hakka blood or Hakka origin, and those who identify themselves as Hakka.2. Hakka ethnic group refers to the group that consists of Hakka.3. Hakka language refers to the Hakka dialects spoken in Taiwan, including Sixian, Hailu, Daipu, Raoping, Zhoan, and various Hakka idiomatic or modern expressions which are independently preserved in different areas.4. Hakka population refers to the statistics results of the Hakka census conducted by Council for Hakka Affairs, Executive Yuan.5. Hakka affairs refer to public affairs related to the Hakka ethnic group. Article 3
Executive Yuan shall hold cross-ministry Chief Conference to coordinate and examine the affairs pertinent to this Act. Article 4
The government shall regularly holdNational Conference forHakka to investigate, discuss, coordinate and promote nationwide Hakka affairs. Article 5
The rights and interests of the Hakka ethnic group should be taken into consideration when governmental policies andregional development plans are formulated. Article 6
To enhance the inheritance and development of the Hakka language, culture and cultural industries, Council for Hakka Affairs, Executive Yuan shall give priority of Hakka culture development to the counties (towns, cities, districts) whose Hakka population consists of more than one-third of its total population.Those areas that are given the priority should promote Hakka language as an official language. Civil servants and teachers there should improve their Hakka language proficiency; those who are granted Certificate of Hakka Language Proficiency can be rewarded. Article 7
The government should include subjects related to Hakka affairs in theCivil Service Exams to meet the demand of Hakka public affairs. Article 8
The government should conduct the Hakka language proficiency certificate examination andpopularize Hakka language so as to encourage the cultivation of talented Hakka; it should also establish a Hakka language database so as to encourage not only the reservation and inheritance but also the research and development of Hakka language. Article 9
Governmental institutions should provide accessible language environments for the Hakka language users for communication needs.People who actively provide such needs should be rewarded. Article 10
The government should provide incentives to schools, families, and communities to develop learning environments for practicing Hakka so as to promote Hakka language. Article 11
The government should actively offer incentives for Hakka academic research, and encourage universities to establish Hakka colleges, departments, graduate institutes and degree programs so as to develop and strengthen the Hakka knowledge system. Article 12
The government should protect the media access rights for the Hakka ethnic group, legislate for national broadcasting and television channels specialized for the Hakka; it can provide incentives or subsidies for the broadcasting and television enterprises that produceprograms related to the Hakka language and culture. Article 13
The government should actively build global connections between Hakka ethnic groups andmake Taiwan a center for global Hakka cultural exchange and research. Article 14
The government should establish National Hakka Day to highlight the Hakka ethnic group’scontributionto multiculturalism in Taiwan. Article 15
This Act shall be enforced from the date of promulgation. 
