Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 53 of the Physically and Mentally Disabled Citizens Protection Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
To enrich the cultural and spiritual life of the physically and mentally disabled, the competent authorities and the competent authorities in charge of specific business shall compile budgets to provide rewarding or subsidization by means of public establishment & private operating and entrusted services, or consolidate the resources of the private sector for implementation. Article 3
The competent authorities shall plan and implement the following affairs:1. Rewarding and helping the disabled who are willing to participate in volunteer service to contribute their knowledge and experience and enlarge their social participation.2. Subsidizing juridical persons to hold recreation, cultural, educational and amusement activities for the disabled.3. Subsidizing fabrication of audio and video tapes.4. Publicly and periodically praising excellent disabled persons.5. Publicly and periodically praising the registered social welfare institutions and associations that have made great contributions to the promotion of the cultural and spiritual life of the disabled.6. Rewarding and assisting the disabled to participate in all kinds of international performance of special talents and skills or contests. Article 4
The competent authorities in charge of news shall plan and implement the following affairs:1. Subsidizing or by means of broadcast, TV, movies, journals, books, and network etc to propagandize and introduce the process of effort of the excellent disabled persons and praise their models.2. After the process of examination, introducing the disabled with special talents or skills to work or open them programs or write columns in TV, movie, journal, or book.3. Arranging the disabled with special talents or skills to hold exhibition or participate in public-welfare activities.4. Coordinating TV companies or propaganda videotape companies to add Chinese captions and explanatory texts in the movie and TV works.5. For the exhibition or show unsuitable for caption, at least arranging sign language translation service for one time, and announcing the time to inform the public.6. Coordinating TV companies or public TV to open sign language programs.7. Publicly praising the broadcast, TV, movie, journal, book, and other media fabricating or publishing companies that provide assistance in promoting the enrichment of cultural and spiritual life of the disabled.8. Subsidizing the fabrication of publications for the vision disabled and the establishment of the information system for the vision disabled.9. Coordinating or subsidizing broadcasting medias to provide the vision disabled with dedicated information transmission channels by means of subcarrier. Article 5
The competent authorities in charge of education shall plan and implement the following affairs:1. Encouraging researches and publication of works and books on special education.2. Subsidizing the art and cultural associations organized by the disabled to perform public-welfare show and exhibition, and preferentially arranging or providing places for show and exhibition. 3. Guiding the public libraries to provide the vision disabled with auxiliary appliances for reading books and audio & video services.4. Subsidizing nongovernmental organizations to provide the disabled with study of skills and professional improvement. Article 6
The competent authorities in charge of culture shall plan and implement the following affairs:1. Commending the disabled who perform excellently in cultural, literary, and artistic creation.2. Integrating and arranging different art associations of the disabled to perform in cultural and educational facilities.3. Coordinating or providing places for the disabled with special talents or skills to perform exhibition or show.4. Rewarding excellent disabled persons to participate in international contests and exchange performance of culture and special talents or skills.5. Holding and encouraging the disabled to participate in cultural activities, and arrange prior seats for them.6. Establishing information of the associations of the disabled with special talents and skills.7. Rewarding the individuals or organizations that perform excellently in cultural, literary, and artistic creation and research as well as performance of special talents and skills.8. Integrating, establishing, and widely propagandizing artistic and cultural information,. Article 7
The competent authorities in charge of sports shall plan and implement the following affairs:1. Holding national athletic meetings for the disabled.2. Subsidizing the associations of the disabled to purchase sports goods.3. Holding or subsidizing the private sector to hold various athletic contests, sport activities, health and recreation research activities for the disabled.4. Reinforcing the training of disabled players, coaches, and other athletic talents.5. Rewarding or praising the disabled players and coachers who get excellent performance in national athletic contests.6. Research and development of the hardware and software for the disabled to enjoy athletic sports.7. Encouraging academic researches on the sports facilities for the disabled. Article 8
For the literary & artistic, performance, sports, and amusement activities held by the government, quotas shall be reserved 10 days before selling the tickets for the disabled to purchase in advance.The percentage, seat number, location of seats, and other conditions concerning the above-mentioned quotas shall be determined by the competent authorities. Article 9
Upon implementing the measures listed in Paragraph 1, Article 53 of the Act, the sponsor department may negotiate with the competent authorities in charge of specific business according to the nature of the measures, and may ask for assistance or joint participation where necessary. Article 10
For any affairs other than prescribed in these Regulations, the related laws and regulations enacted by the competent authorities and the competent authorities in charge of specific business shall apply. Article 11
These Regulations will take effect as of the date of promulgation. 
