Article 1
Any citizen of the Republic of China with special service or an outstanding contribution to the improvement of the status of the nation, honor of the people or benefit of mankind may have a national burial after said person has died in accordance with this Act. Article 2
National burial shall be approved by the majority of all members of a meeting of the Executive Yuan by an anonymous vote and published by Presidential Order. Article 3
The budget for a national burial shall be determined by the Executive Yuan and paid by the national treasury. Article 4
A national burial ceremony office shall be established, for which the articles of association shall be established by the Ministry of the Interior and submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval. Article 5
The national burial ceremony shall be determined by Presidential Order. Article 6
On the date of a national burial, the President shall send staff to extend condolences and flags should be flown at half-mast throughout the nation. Article 7
The Ministry of the Interior, together with the city government of the place where the capital is located, shall select a location in the capital to establish a national burial cemetery. Such selection shall be submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval. Article 8
A memorial hall shall be established inside the national burial cemetery. The President shall send staff to extend condolences on Tomb Sweeping Day every year. Article 9
The design and architecture of the cemetery and memorial hall and the style of the tomb quarters and tombstone mentioned in the previous article shall be established by the Ministry of the Interior, together with the city government of the place where the capital is located. The proposal shall be submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval. Article 10
The city government of the place where the capital is located is authorized to handle matters regarding the management of security guards in the national burial cemetery. Article 11
Individuals receiving national burials shall be buried in the national burial cemetery. The choice of any alternative location shall be subject to the approval of the Executive Yuan in order for the family member of the person receiving the national burial to collect the budget for the private burial. However, a tombstone shall still be established within the national burial cemetery. Article 12
This Act shall be implemented from the date of publication. 
