Article 1
The form and use of the national emblem and national flag of the Republic of China shall be in accordance with this Act. Article 2
The national emblem of the Republic of China is a blue sky with a white sun in the following form:1.A blue circle.2.A white sun in the middle, with 12 white rays with pointed angles.3.There is a blue ring between the white sun and the white rays with pointed angles. Article 3
The position, angle and ratio of each subparagraph of the previous article are as follows:1.The center of the blue background circle is the center of the white sun.2.The ratio of the radius of the white sun to the radius of the surrounding blue circle is 1:3.3.The length from the center of the white sun to the top of a white ray with a pointed angle is twice the length of the radius of the white sun.4.The width of the blue ring between the white sun and the 12 white rays with pointed angles is equivalent to 1/15 of the diameter of the white sun.5.The top angle of each white ray with a pointed angle is 30 degrees, with the 12 rays totaling 360 degrees.6.The upper, lower, left and right sides of the white rays with pointed angles shall be facing north, south, east and west. The rest shall be evenly spread out. Article 4
The national flag of the Republic of China shall be a red background with a blue sky and a white sun. The positions, sizes and ratios are as follows:1.The width and length of the flag shall be 3:2.2.The blue sky is a rectangle and its surface shall be 1/4 of the total flag.3.On the rectangle of blue sky are the white sun with the surrounding blue ring and the 12 white rays with pointed angles as described on the emblem. The center of the white sun is located at the crossing point of the vertical and horizontal dividing lines of the rectangle of blue sky.4.The radius of the white sun and the width of the blue rectangle shall be 1:8.5.Subparagraphs 3 to 6, Article 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the position, size and ratio of the blue circles and the 12 white rays with pointed angles. Article 5
The pole for the national flag shall be white with a round golden top. Article 6
Government authorities, schools, organizations and military troops shall hang the national flag above pictures of Dr. Sun Yat-sen in the front and center location of the auditorium and congregation location. Article 7
When the national flag is hung near a door, it shall be hung on the upper left side of the door. The pole of the flag shall form a 30-degree angle with the door.If two flags are used, they may cross each other and be hung on top of the dooror in parallel on both sides of the door. Article 8
Any national flag hung outdoors shall be hung from sunrise until sunset. Article 9
When the national flag is used together with a foreign flag, the size of the flags and the lengths of the poles must be equal. The national flag shall be placed to the right of the foreign flag. The foreign flag shall be placed to the left of the national flag. If the flags cross each other, the pole of the national flag shall be on the top.When the national flag is used together with any other flag, the previousparagraph shall apply mutatis mutandis. Article 10
Government authorities, schools, organizations and military troops shall install the flag pole in a proper location and raise and lower the national flag every day. Article 11
The national flag raising and lowering ceremony is as follows:1.Everyone stands up.2.Sing the national anthem.3.Raise (lower) the flag – salute (music may be played if there is a musical band or military trumpet, or the flag-raising/lowering signal may be blown.)4.Closing of the ceremony. Article 12
During the raising and lowering of the national flag, citizens should stand upwhere they are and pay visual respect.Other than trains, fire trucks, ambulances, military or police pursuit cars and rescue cars, all vehicles should stop during the raising and lowering of the national flag. Article 13
Unless there is a special situation in which the national flag must be hung,the national flag shall be lowered when it rains. After the rain stops, the national flag shall be raised again. No ceremony is required outside the official raising and lowering times. Article 14
In lowering the flag to half-mast, the national flag shall first be raised to the top of the pole and then lowered to the position equivalent to 1/2 of the length of the pole. To remove the flag, the flag shall first be raised to the top of the pole again and then lowered. Article 15
When any representative office overseas, marine corps ships or boats raise,lower or hang the national flag, this Act shall be applicable, as well as in international practice. Article 16
The national emblem and national flag shall be manufactured in materials such as domestic silk, wool, cotton or linen. Article 17
In addition to the size and percentage guidelines under Articles 3 and 4, the manufacturing of the national emblem and national flag shall be in accordance with the percentage chart and size standard attached hereto. 1. Pattern and description of the national emblem.doc2. Pattern and description of the national flag.doc3. Image of the national emblem and national flag.doc 
