Chapter 1　　General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Article 14 of the Organic Act for the Central Police University (hereinafter referred to as "the University").Article 2　 Affairs in the University shall be operated according to these Regulations unless otherwise prescribed by laws.Article 3　 Under the University are set the Academic Affairs Division, Student Affairs Division, General Affairs Department, Secretariat, Forensic Laboratory, Public Relations Office, Library, Information Management Center, colleges, departments and institutes, Extension Education Center, Clinic, Personnel Office, Accounting Office, and Students Corps (hereinafter referred to as "the Units") to deal with the related operations prescribed in the organic act of the University and Chapter 2 hereinafter.Article 4　 The president of the University presides over the University, the vice president assists the president in administrating the University, the chief secretary carries out coordination between the Units under the direction of the leaders, and the directors of all levels direct and supervise their subordinates to handle the affairs within their jurisdictions.Article 5　 To handle official business, the Units shall observe the following provisions:1. The routine affairs prescribed in the regulations shall be handled according to the authorities and responsibilities of each unit. 2. Draft or amendment of acts shall be sent to the Legal Affairs Committee for review and approval, and then be handled in the prescribed procedure.3. The decrees publicized (issued) and transferred from upper-level departments shall be distributed to the units.4. Where the affairs discussed in a meeting concern other units, the units shall be invited to attend the meeting; and the proceedings shall be distributed to the related units.5. Where a teacher or an officer is dispatched to attend a meeting held by another department on behalf of the University, he shall ask the authority for principles. In case the resolution of the meeting is not in conformity with theprinciples, he shall declare reservation, and reply after returning to the University and getting the direction of the authority,and shall report the proceedings of the meeting.Chapter 2　　Duties and ResponsibilitiesArticle 6　 Under the Academic Affairs Division are set 4 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. Registration Section(1) Preparation and implementation of recruitment plan.(2) Check-in and registration of students.(3) Management and registration of students' register(4) Planning and implementation of exams.(5) Calculation and statistics of students' grades(6) Granting of students register certificates and school report cards.(7) Disposal of students' dissertations and theme researchers.(8) Fabrication of graduation (winding up) certificates.(9) Distribution of graduation (winding up) certificates.(10) Determination of students' academic properties.(11) Other affairs related to registration.2. Curricular Section(1) Planning and development of the University's educational system.(2) Coordination and summary of education plans, subjects, and credits.(3) Preparationand implementation of educational regulations and calendar. (4) Coordination and summary of opening of courses, distributionof teaching places, and control of students' selection of courses.(5) Control and evaluation of teaching.(6) Coordination and summary of teaching visit, survey and practice plans.(7) Coordination and summary of students' practical training plans.(8) Proposal for employing teachers.(9) Counting of teachers' curricular remunerations.(10) Other curricula-related affairs. 3. Compilation and Publishing Section(1) Preparation and implementation of compilation and publishing plans.(2) Registration and distribution of the University's publications.(3) Compilation and distribution of academic publications on police.(4) Storage, exchange, documentation, and distribution of publications.(5) Other affairs related to compilation and publishing.4. Teaching Materials and Facilities Section(1) Preparation and implementation of teaching material & facility plans.(2) Printing, storage and distribution oflectures and reference documents.(3) Collection, purchasing, management and maintenance of auxiliary teaching equipments(4) Other affairs related to teaching materials and facilities.Article 7　 Under the Student Affairs Division are set 3 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. Disciplinary Section(1) Planning and implementation of disciplinary work.(2) Planning, supervision and performance evaluation of spiritual education and psychological assistance for the students.(3) Proposed disposal of rewarding and punishment of students. (4) Promotion of the tutorial system, as well as planning and performance evaluation of case tutorship. (5) Acceptance of students' appeals and submission of them to the committee for reviewing students' appeals.(6) Printing, distribution, and management of disciplinary series books, student's manuals, and related forms and tables. (7) Edition and publishing of the Journal of Central Police University.(8) Examination and management of scholarships. (9) Preparation of various celebrations and commemorations.(10)Other disciplinary affairs.2. Coaching Section(1) Preparation and evaluation of the training plans related to military training,nursing, physical education, and job training.(2) Gathering and assistance for students to attend extra-school physical education and job training competitions. (3) Coordination and execution of the students' enrollment education and the reserve officers' education.(4) Compilation and printing of physical education and job training textbooks.(5) Application for purchasing and management of sports equipments.(6) Management of sports fields and firing range.(7) Other affairs related to coaching. 3. Extracurricular Activities Section(1) Preparation, implementation, assistance and evaluation of extra-curricular activity plans.(2) Tutorship, management and evaluation of consortiums.(3) Supporting and evaluation of broadcasting.(4) Planning and implementation of contribution and relief activities.(5) Planning and receipt of inter-school visit activities.(6) Other affairs related to extra-curricular activities.Article 8　 Under the General Affairs Department are set 3 sections and a Safeguard Brigade, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. General Affairs Section(1) Planning of the University's lands as well as construction, repair, management, and distribution of schoolhouses and staff's dormitories. (2) Purchasing of properties and goods.(3) Payment and reimbursement of pocket moneys and traffic subsidies.(4) Allocation of tools and maintenance of water, electric, and telecom equipments.(5) Dispatch, insurance, inspection, and maintenance of vehicles, as well as purchasing, distribution, and reimbursement of oils.(6) Management of drivers.(7) Collation, beautification, cleaning, and sanitary treatment of the campus.(8) Site arrangement of celebrations and gatherings, as well as reception of foreign guests and drivers.(9) Other general affairs.2. Management Section(1) Receipt,payment and storage of cash, bills, and securities. (2) Granting of employees' salaries and teachers' credit hourremunerations, as well as deduction of mutual aids, loans and insurance premiums. (3) Granting and reimbursement of students' allowance, rice, and government scholarships.(4) Fabrication, distribution and storage of beddings and clothes, as well as granting and storage of weapons and ammunitions. (5) Other management affairs.3. Storage Section(1) Registration, receipt, transfer, settlement, maintenance and management of properties and goods.(2) Counting of properties as well as report of increase or decrease.(3) Selling off or disposal of discarded properties.(4) Registration and alteration of real properties, storage of ownership certificates, and fire insurance for houses and important equipments.(5) Other affairs related to maintenance and storage of properties and goods.4. Security Brigade(1) Safeguard at the gate and maintenance of security in the campus.(2) Management and trainingof the members, technical workers, and workers.(3) Labor insurance and other welfares of the technical workers and workers.(4) Management of the lounges. (5) Other safeguard affairs.Article 9　 Under the Secretariat are set 2 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. Executive Section(1) Receipt, distribution, disposal, and storage of confidential documents.(2) Preparation of important work reports and documents.(3) Management of the matters discussed in the University's affairs meetings and administrative meetings.(4) Compilation of the history and status quo of the University.(5) Affairs designated by the president or the vice president. (6) Affairs that are not under the jurisdiction of other units.(7) Other important affairs.2. Documents Section(1) Receipt, distribution, copy, sealing, and archiving of official documents.(2) Inquiry and hastening of the disposal of official documents in the units, as well as statistics of report forms.(3) Supplementary submission and review of the official documents handled by the units.(4) Compilation ofimplementation plans, and annual review reports. (5) Promotion of research and development affairs.(6) Tracing and inspectionof the progress of important work plans. (7) Collection and recording of the University's decrees and regulations. (8) Other documentation affairsArticle 10 　 Under the Forensic Laboratory are set 3 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. General Affairs Section(1) Planning of purchasing experimental equipments.(2) Management and maintenance of experimental equipments. (3) Photographing in university activities.(4) Other general affairs related to scientific experiments.2. Physiology and Chemistry Section(1) Planning, promotion and appraisal of biological, physiological, chemical, and legal medical experiments.(2) Assistance for government departments in physiological and chemical test.(3) Other affairs related to physiology and chemistry.3. Physics Section(1) Planning, promotion and appraisal of physical, tracing, electrical, graphology, photographic, inspection, and dactylographic experiments as well as psychological lie-detection.(2) Assistance for government departments in physical test.(3) Otheraffairs related to physics.Article 11 　 The Public Relations Office has the following duties and responsibilities:1. Propaganda of the University's policies.2. News release and contact with reporters. 3. Coordination and contact with the central departments of public opinions as well as disposal of inquired cases.4. Reception of and contact with foreign guests.5. Disposal of the appeals and petitions of the public.6. Communications with and services for graduated schoolfellows. 7. Reclaiming the tuitions payable by the graduated schoolfellows who quit the police before expiration of the term of service. 8. Other affairs related to public relations and schoolfellow services.Article 12 　 Under the Library are set 2 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. Purchasing and Cataloging Section(1) Planning and development of books.(2) Purchasing, acceptance check, registration and statistic of books.(3) Cataloging of books and compilation of contents.(4) Order, registration, hastening and binding of journals.(5) Purchasing, registration and management of the professional books for the departments and institutes. (6) Other affairs related purchasing and cataloging.2. Reading Section(1) Reading services.(2) Lending, return, inquiry, and reservation of books.(3) Registration and management of academic journals.(4) Inquiry, retrieval, propaganda and management of books.(5) Inter-library cooperation.(6) Collection and registration of domestic and foreign governmental publications.(7) Management of micro-photo and video & audio materials,teachers' works, and doctors and masters' dissertations. (8) Research and development affairs.(9) Collection, storage, andexhibition of books, cultural relics, and materials in the university historical museum and the world police museum. (10) Collection, registration and management of the books in the room of special collections.(11) Other affairs related to reading.Article 13 　 Under the Information Management Center are set 3 sections, and their duties and responsibilities are as follows:1. System Supporting Section: planning, purchasing and management of the software package, hardware and network in the units, as well as computer teaching, research, and education & training. 2. Application Development Section: development and maintenance of the application software in the units, inspection of computers, promotion and application of information education, etc.3. General Affairs Section: control of the Center's funds, contracts, targets and progress of work, management of equipments and properties, as well as other computer-related general affairs.Article 14 　 A college, department or institute has the following duties and responsibilities:1. Planning and implementation of academic researches in the college, department or institute.2. Suggestions on employment and dismissal of the teachers in the college, department or institute.3. Arrangement and design of the subjects, credit hours and courses in the college, department or institute.4. Review and improvement of teaching contents and methods in the college, department or institute.5. Planning, coordination and implementation of tutorship, probation, and practical training for the students in the college, department or institute.6. Planning and implementation of related activities in the college, department or institute.7. Preparation and implementation of teaching visit, survey and probation plans in the college, department or institute.8. Other related affairs in the college,department or institute.Article 15 　 The Extension Education Center has the following duties and responsibilities:1. Preparation and implementation of on-job training, professional improvement and advanced study plans for in-service policemen.2. Preparation and implementation of plans related to training of civil public security personnel on a commission basis, and training of civil police force.3. Associated tutorship for trainees' living education.4. Planning and implementation of trainees' amusement and extra-curricular activities.5. Other affairs related to extension education and training.Article 16 　 The Clinic has the following duties and responsibilities:1. Medical treatment, health care, and epidemic prevention for the staff and the students.2. Health instructions and examination for the staff and the students.3. Storage of drugs and medical equipments.4. Other medical affairs.Article 17 　 The Personnel Office shall handle the following affairs:1. Staffing plan. 2. Proposal of appointment, removal, transfer, promotion, and examination of qualifications of teachers and officers. 3. Proposal for dismissal and examination of qualifications of teachers. 4. Disposal of the applications for work medals, performance (achievements) evaluation, and other rewarding and punishment cases. 5. Proposal and examination of the staff's treatment, mutual aid, welfare, retirement, dismissal, compensation, and insurance. 6. Training, advanced study, and survey of the staff.7. Management of the staff's leave and attendance, as well as auditing of the staff's overseas visit to families or sightseeing. 8. Disposal of employees' appeals.9. Establishment and management of personnel documents, as well as granting of relevant certificates.10. Planning,execution, supervision, and evaluation of the responsibilities of each level. 11. Planning, execution, supervision, and evaluation of worksimplification. 12. Data processing of background investigation of newly employed staff. 13. Maintenance of disciplines and prevention of corruption and malfeasance.14. Investigation and disposal of infringement of laws or nonfeasance cases.15. Maintenance of official secrets.16. Planning and supervision of safety protection in the campus. 17. Other personnel-related affairs.Article 18 　 The Accounting Office has the following duties and responsibilities:1. Planning and compiling budgetary estimate (budget), distribution of budget, addition (decrease) of budget, and final settlement, and reporting them to the upper level for approval.2. Execution and control of the budgets of annual incomes and expenditures. 3. Registration, compiling and storage of the accounting books and vouchers of annual incomes and expenditures. 4. Compiling accounting reports on annual incomes and expenditures, and reporting and submitting them for examination and approval.5. Examination and storage of the original vouchers of expenditure, as well as submission of them to the upper level for examination. 6. Joint supervision of construction works as well as purchasing, customizing and selling off properties. 7. Auditing and disposal of incomes and expenditures under various asset andliability items. 8. Internal auditing of financial incomes and expenditures.9. Auditing and declaration of inter-item transferof funds, accounts payable, and expenditures of contingent funds.10. Auditing and declaration of project funds and subject funds allocated by the Executive Yuan.11. Compiling and submission of the monthly reports and performance reports on implementation of annual income and annual expenditure budgets.12. Transfer, training, evaluation, rewarding and punishment of accounting personnel.13. Statistics.14. Other affairs related to annual settlement and accounting.Article 19 　 The Student Corps has 3 battalions, and its responsibilities are as follows:1. Implementation and evaluation of students' military training.2. Implementation and evaluation of students' living assistance.3. Tutorship for and evaluation of student practical training cadres.4. Coordinated implementation and evaluation of students' spiritual education5. Assistance for students' amusement and extracurricular activities. 6. Other affairs related to students' military training and living assistance.Article 20 　 University, college and department (institute) teachers review committees shall be established in the University to review the employment, tenure, promotion, and dismissal, stoppage or discontinuance of employment of the teachers as well as other matters that should be reviewed by the committees according to the law. The organization modes of the committees are as follows:1. The university teachers review committee shall be composed of the vice president, director of the Academic Affairs Division, and the professors designated by the president. 2. A college teacher review committee shall be composed of the dean and the professor representatives elected by the professors. Where necessary, associate professors may be also elected, but they may not be more than? of the representatives. 3. A department (institute) teacher review committee shall be composed of the director of thedepartment (institute) and the professor representatives elected by professors. Associate professors may also be electedwhere necessary, but they may not be more than ? of the representatives.The fundamentals for establishing the above-mentioned review committees will be prescribed otherwhere, and will be reported to the Ministry of Education for approval prior to implementation.Article 21 　 The University shall set a committee for reviewing teachers' appeals, which is composed of the teachers, education scholars, and representatives from regional teacher's associations or branches selected by the president, to deal with the teachers' appeals for disagreement of dismissal, stoppage or discontinuance of employment, or other decisions. Among the members of the committee, the teachers who don't concurrently hold an administrative position shall account for not less than 2/3, and the fundamentals for establishing the committee will be prescribed otherwhere.Article 22 　 The University shall set a committee for reviewing students' appeals, which is composed of the vice president, director of the Academic Affairs Division, director of the Student Affairs Division, directors of the colleges, commander of the Student Corps, teacher representatives, and elected student representatives, to deal with the students' appeals. Among the members of the committee, the teachers who don't concurrently hold an administrative position shall account for ?, and the fundamentals for establishing the committee will be prescribed otherwhere.Article 23 　 Besides the committees referred to in the above three articles, the University may set various committees according to the actual requirements, and their responsibilities shall be in accordance with the establishment fundamentals.Chapter 3　　Division of Authorities and ResponsibilitiesArticle 24 　 The president presides over the University with the following authorities and responsibilities:1. Enactment of educational policies.2. Decision of implementation plans and budgets.3. Presiding over academic research and development on police.4. Determination of Establishment, amendment, abolishment, and explanationof decrees and regulations.5. Signing contracts.6. Directing and supervising the units' performance and improvement.7. Determination of employment or dismissal of teachers.8. Proposal for appointment, removal, transfer, and promotion of personnel of the senior (police) rank, as well as determination of appointment, removal, transfer, and promotion of personnel not higher than the intermediate (police) rank, except the personnel in charge of personnel and accounting.9. Determination of evaluation, rewarding and punishment of the staff.10. Presiding over orattending important meetings.11. Execution of important orders issued by the upper level, and suggestion, reply or report to theupper level, and asking for instructions. 12. Tasks assigned by ministers or vice ministers.13. Disposal of other important official business.Article 25 　 The vice president assists the president to administrate the University with the following authorities and responsibilities:1. Participation in administration and disposal of important affairs.2. Assisting the president to supervise and evaluate the units' performance and improvement.3. Review of drafts and processing of official documents.4. Presiding over or attending relevant meetings5. Tasks assigned by the president.Article 26 　 The chief secretary coordinates the units' work under the direction of the chancellors, and has the following authorities and responsibilities:1. Suggestions for making decisions over important matters.2. Supervision and promotion of the units' performance.3. Review of manuscripts as well as supervision of document processing and archive management. 4. Planning and supervision of R&D and evaluation.5. Presiding over relevant meetings and preparing important meetings.6. Other tasks assigned by upper-level leaders.Article 27 　 A director of a unit deals with the business within the unit under the direction of the chancellors, and has the following authorities and responsibilities:1. Judgment of the routine documents in the unit. 2. Disposal of approved cases.3. Ratification of the reports and bulletins in the unit.4. Presiding over and attending relevant business meeting in the unit.5. Assignment, direction and supervision of the work in the unit.6. Attendance examination and approval of 2-day leave of the personnel in the unit.7. Proposal for performance evaluation and rewarding & punishment of the personnel in the unit.8. Research and review of the doubtful points of the regulations under his jurisdiction9. Other tasks assigned by upper-level leaders.Article 28 　 The teachers assumes teaching, academic research, and tutoring students and graduate students, and may undertake other work in the University according to the actual requirements.Article 29 　 The vice commander assists the commander to preside over the Student Corps.Article 30 　 The battalion chiefs and section chiefs process the following operations under the direction of the upper-level leaders:1. Preparation or review and approval of work plans, schemes, acts, and administrative reports.2. Assignment, examination and execution of services and duties.3. Preliminary approval of documents or preparation of important documents.4. Direction, supervision, evaluation, and proposed rewarding and punishment of the subordinate personnel. 5. Other tasks assigned by upper-level leaders.Article 31 　 A vice battalion chief assists the battalion chief to deal with the affairs of the battalion.Article 32 　 The technical directors, secretaries, editors, lochus chiefs, supervisors, section members, technical specialists, division chiefs, clerks, chief and members of the Security Brigade, and amanuenses deal with the official business under the direction of the upper-level leaders.Article 33 　 The University adopts the hierarchical responsibility system in dealing with official business, and the business shall be decided and authorized level by level; the table of hierarchical responsibility will be prescribed otherwhere.Chapter 4　　MeetingsArticle 34 　 The University sets a University Affairs Conference as the highest decision meeting of the University's affairs. Composed of the president, the vice president, the chief secretary, directors of the units, teacher representatives, staff representatives, officer representatives and student representatives, the Conference is presided over by the president, and shall be held once every term, where necessary temporary meetings may be held, to discuss important affairs such as development plan of the University. The above-mentioned teacher representatives and student representatives shall be determined through election. In principle, the teacher representatives shall be not less than? of the total meeting attendees, and the professor or associate professor representatives not less than 2/3 of the total teacher representatives. The methods for determining other representatives andthe percentages will be prescribed otherwhere.Article 35 　 The University organizes an Administrative Meeting composed of the president, vice president, chief secretary, director of the Academic Affairs Division, director of the Student Affairs Division, director of the Department of General Affairs, deans of the colleges, and the directors of other units. The Meeting is presided over by the president, and shall be called once every two weeks to discuss the important administrative affairs of the University.Article 36 　 The university may call academic affairs meeting, student affairs meeting, general affairs meeting, and college/department (institute) affairs meeting according to the actual requirements, and may invite scholars, experts, and representatives of relevant institutions to attend the meetings where necessary. Where the student's study or life or regulations on rewarding and punishment are concerned in the above-mentioned meetings, some student representatives shall be elected to attend the meetings.Chapter 5　　Supplementary Provisions，Article 37 　 Document management, affairs management, and financial management of the University shall be handled in accordance with related laws and decrees.Article 38 　 These Regulations will take effect since they are promulgated.
