Chapter 1General ProvisionsArticle 1　 This Statute is duly enacted in accordance with Article 13 of the Organizational Statute of the Conscription Affairs Administration, Ministry of the Interior (hereinafter referred to as the Administration).Article 2　 These Operational Rules shall apply to all business affairs of the Administration unless otherwise provided for in law.Article 3　 The Administration operates through Departments of Enlistment, Screening &Training, Management, Rights & Interests, Drafting, Secretariate, Human Resources, Accounting, Anti-corruption Office to take charge of business affairs set forth in the Administration’s Organizational Statute and those set forth in Chapter Two of these Operational Rules.Chapter 2Powers and FunctionsArticle 4　 The Department of Enlistment shall take charge of the following powers andfunctions:1. Draw up and map out the policies and plans for all sources of armed forces.2. Draw up, amend and interpret all laws regarding enlistment of sources of armed forces.3. Map out and oversee the local governments of alllevels regarding enlistment and deferred enlistment.4. Map out and oversee theinvestigation, conscription exemption, conscription ban, enlistment deferment and supplementary services.5. Map out and oversee the quota, lot-drawing, enlistment, drafting for draftees-to-be into regular services.6. Coordinate with affairs of examinations, examination and enlistment for reserve officers.7. Take charge of conscription services of Overseas Chinese (students) and Chinese from Hong Kong, Macao, Mainland China.8. Take charge ofexit, passport replacement for draftees-to-be and draftees.9. Map out and supervise the enlistment seminars, family-visits and newcomer-training center for draftees-to-be.10. Map out and supervise the conscription inspection for draftees-to-be.11. Draw up, amend and interpret criteria for draftees-to-be’s physical status, physical re-checkup related laws and ordinances.12. Map out, supervise and review judgment of draftees-to-be’s application for reclassification of physical status, rejection from substituteservices.13. Map out and supervise cases where draftees-to-be are rejected from substitute services and suspended from substitute services due to diseases.14. Map out and supervise matters regarding the operation of the Draftee-to-be Physical Status Committee and ambiguity regarding draftees-to-be’s application for reclassification of physical status, rejection from substitute services.15. Manage and rate performance in appointment, coordination and dispute regarding the inspecting hospitals, rechecking hospitals.16. Take charge of other matters related to enlistment.Article 5　 The Department of Screening & Training shall take charge of the followingpowers and functions:1. Draw up, amend and interpret all laws regarding screening and training of draftees-to-be.2. Take charge of comprehensive affairs of the Substitute Services Review Committee.3. Manage cases where draftees get discharged from substitute services ahead of schedule.4. Look into and assess demands for substitute services by various organizations in the current year and next four years.5. Look into planning and supervision on incentives for substitute services, application, enlistment, forwarding, selection, dispatch of substitute services.6. Draw up, map out and oversee a variety of training programs for conscription and substitute services.7. Promote foundational military training, expertise, on-the-job training programs for substitute services draftees.8. Promote grooming, training of teaching faculty for substitute services draftees;9. Map out and oversee the substitute services draftees training funds, teaching kits, documents and results;10. Other matters related to selection and training.Article 6　 The Department of Management shall take charge of the following powers andfunctions:1. Draw up, amend and interpret substitute services management related laws and ordinances;2. Carry out a variety of conscription activities,substitute services business in interview, fact-finding visits, annual competition and year-end assessment.3. Investigate and manage cases against conscription services, grievance on substitute services, enlistment and suspension cases from substitute services.4. Map out and oversee conscription disciplines;5. Map out and oversee management over services by substitute services draftees .6. Map out and oversee management over services by substitute services draftees .7. Audit highlights of duty management of various user organizations.8. Manage issues of leaves, awards, punishment of substitute services draftees.9. Carry out education, awards, punishment of substitute services draftees during their service period.10. Oversee life management on substitute services draftees.11. Take charge of other matters as related to management.Article 7　 The Department of Rights & Interests shall take charge of the following powersand functions:1. Draw up, update and interpret laws and ordinances related to rights and interests of draftees in regular services and substitute services.2. Map out and oversee surveillance, restoration, consolation of draftees in regular services and substitute services.3. Map out and oversee concession, preferential support(consolation) of draftees in regular services and substitute services.4. Map out and oversee medical care, medical treatment services for substitute services draftees.5. Draw up, map out and oversee general insurance, National Health Insurance, collective insurance against accident risks for substitute services draftees.6. Map out and oversee relief cases for substitute services.7. Map out and oversee handicap consolation, nursing allowance for draftees in regular services and substitute services.8. Coordinate and solve disputes on hospitals appointed for assessment of handicap assessment.9. Map out and oversee safety relief subsidy for substitute services.10. Map out and oversee interment, memory, worship for deceased draftee in regular services and substitute services.11. Map out and oversee local military cemeteries (martyr shrines).12. Draw up, update and interpret the laws and ordinances related to substitute services draftees’ pay, regional allowance, food and year-end incentive award.13. Takecharge of planning, procurement, supply, custody and maintenance of substituteservices draftee logistics for user organizations of substitute services draftees.14. Render logistic services for substitute services draftees in coordinating support.15. Take charge of other affairs related to rights and interests.Article 8　 The Department of Drafting shall take charge of the following powers andfunctions:1. Draw up, update and interpret household registration, organization & management and conscription information related laws and ordinances.2. Exercise routine training and drills for substitute services draftees.3. Map out and oversee household registration management for substitute services draftees.4. Manage and oversee ID cards of substitute services draftees, accreditation on discharge upon expiry of substitute services and issue the certificates.5. Manage issues of substitute services draftees for restoration of services after suspension resulting from criminal cases, diseases and the like.6. Map out and oversee retirement, restoration, resumption, discharge from the call, guidance for employment for draftees in regular services.7. Oversee and coordinate with affairs on suspension, regular enlistment, rush call, mobilization and occasional call for reservists.8. Manage post-service activities of reservists and substitute services draftees.9. Operate and oversee municipal,　county (city) government in the organization of auxiliary duties for substitute services draftees.10. Map out and oversee activities in management of militias, conscription association (chapter) affairs.11. Map out and oversee preparatory affairs for auxiliary duties for substitute services in extraordinary events of the cases.12. Approve of matters in general application for substitute services, duties and emergency application for substitute services calls.13. Coordinate and oversee municipal, county (city) government on organization and operation of substitute services.14. Coordinate with issues regarding military manpower dispatch, utilization and population policies.15. Take countermeasures in case of an emergency or calamity.16. Map out, process, management and evaluate information oriented operation of conscription affairs.17. Map out supervision and management of conscription information networks, system planning and system renewal.18. Map out, process, management and evaluate the Administration’s information systems.19. Manage other activities related to call, information and conscription file management.Article 9　 The Secretariate shall take charge of the following powers and functions:1.Pool together matters related to the Administration’s policies and plans.2. Select and evaluate the control by the Executive Yuan (the Cabinet), ministries, the departments, the annual government operation plans, the enforcement and annual evaluation.3. Map out and draw up conscription systems and conscription policies of other countries the world over.4. Divide powers and duties of conscription affairs and map out coordination and cooperation. 5. Promote services to public of the Administration in the year.6. Map out, enforce and oversee Conscription Day affairs.7. Manage Administration affairs council, annual business review and council affair management.8. Draw up and pool together the Administration’s business operation reports, briefing and annual report.9. Control over and evaluate document tracing, document processing, performance statistics and document quality auditing.10. Control over and evaluate cases instructed or assigned bysuperiors and other major control affairs.11. Map out and promote supervision and R&D by the Administration.12. Handle electronic single-window related activities of the Premier, Minister’s e-mail addresses and public applications.13. Take charge of the public relations, print of publicity and news release.14. Publicize conscription business and such activities.15. Produce conscription-related communications.16. Affix and take custody of the Administration’s official seals.17. Map out, interpret documentation and take charge of receipt, dispatch, registration, allocation, typing and proofreading of documents.18. Process and oversee electronic documents, exchange management and e-mail.19. Map out and oversee file management, take inventory of, classify, bind, take collection of and clear up filed documents.20. Take charge of cashier affairs, property, articles, vehicles, office premises, dorms, janitor affairs as related to business management.21. Take charge of procurement, distribution, supervision and management of vehicles, equipment and facilities. 22. Take safety maintenance of office facilities.23. Draw up and map out annual lawmaking process of the Administration.24. Review, reorganize, edit and printmatters regarding enactment (update), amendment, nullification of conscriptionrelated laws and ordinances.25. Manage matters on interpretation of conscription related affairs and state tort affairs.26. Entertain, assign and manage conscription related petition.27. Manage other matters as assigned.Article 10 　 The Human Resources Department shall take charge of the following powers andfunctions: 1. Take charge of organization lineups, human resources deployment and dispatch.2. Manage issues regarding promotion, transfer, evaluation, assignment, reassignment, accreditation update, application, appointment and discharge of staff.3. Take charge of establishment, organizing, dissolution, update and management of various duties.4. Map out, adjustment matters in human resources related organizations, personnel lineup chart and manage issues regarding personnel affairs.5. Map out, enforce, oversee and evaluate the Administration’s activities in shouldering responsibilities by respective levels.6. Map out, enforce, overseeand evaluate the Administration’s activities in streamlining duties and functions.7. Carry out human resources grooming and performance rating.8. Carry out training, higher education, routine rating, awards and punishment aswell as performance rating.9. Take charge of staff’s leave of absence, performance of duties, overseas trips for family reunions and for pleasure.10.Render services to staff regarding their pay, fringe benefits, mutual aids, allowances and subsidies.11. Take charge of opinions voiced by staff.12. Take charge of staff’s needs in retirement, layoff, insurance, relief and consolation.13. Map out recreation and group activities for staff.14. Conduct management, registration, report, statistical analysis of personnel files and work out statements.15. Offer proposals regarding personnel related laws and ordinances and personnel renovation.16. Take charge of other activities related to personnel management.Article 11 　 The Accounting Office shall take charge of the following powers andfunctions:1. To map out, assemble and report of annual revenues, annual expenditure budget (closing).2. Map out, pool together and report annual revenues, annual expenditure allocation.3. Control and review of budget enforcement and audit finance.4. Pool together and declare budget and extraordinary disbursement.5. Review, work out, take custody and submit for review accounting vouchers.6. Take charge of requirement and settlement of accounting books.7. Work out and issue public announcement on accounting reports, revenue and expenditure enforcement in monthly statements, work progress reports.8. Review of increase or decrease in property and register accounts in package.9. Pool together and declare outlay of funds, payable annual disbursement, retained funds and such cases.10. Audit cash, instruments, securities and other financial input and output as well as property management.11. Assemble and audit of semiannual input and output settlement and final accounting.12. Team up with counterparts concerned to take charge of tender opening, price competition, price negotiation, award andacceptation inspection for procurement cases beyond the specified thresholds.13. Jointly check and register credits, debts and various contracts.14. Enact and enforce statistics on government statistics.15. Enact and enforce project investigations.16. Assemble, manage, work out statistics and analyses of statistical data.17. Take charge of personnel management on the Administration’s accountants.18. Take charge of other annual audit, accounting and statistics.Article 12 　 The Anti-corruption Department shall take charge of the following powers and functions:1. Take charge of comprehensive planning and research on anti-corruption issues.2. Draw up and publicize anti-corruption related laws and ordinances.3. Prevent, find out and deal with potential fraudulent practice by staff.4. Offer proposals on renovation in the anti-corruption aspect.5. Offer proposals on performance rating, award and punishment.6. Safeguard secrets in the government business.7. Prevent fraudulent activities detrimental or damaging the Administration.8. Help settle petitions, appeals.9. Take charge of government employees in declaration of their property.10. Take charge of personnel management of the anti-corruption organization and personnel activities.11. Take charge of other issues related to anti-corruption.Article 13 　 The departments, offices (hereinafter referred to as the Units) set forth inthis Chapter shall operate business in various sections as the actual businessattributes may justify.Chapter 3Powers & ResponsibilitiesArticle 14 　 The director-general shall take overall charge of the Administration’sbusiness operation and direct all staff members with the following powers and responsibilities:1. Draw up the Administration’s policies and approve of operation plans.2. Review, change, add the Administration’s budget and disburse standby funds.3. Draw up, amend, nullify, interpret and approve of the Administration’s laws and ordinances.4. Enforce major superior orders andoffer proposals, replies or reports to superiors.5. Direct all Units in their business operation and performance rating.6. Duly appoint, discharge, transfer, render awards, punishment upon non-executive staff not above the recommend rank, except personnel on human resources, auditing and anti-corruption.7. Take charge of emergency countermeasures in major contingencies.8. Preside over or participate in major meetings.9. Take charge the Ministers, Deputy-Ministers’ assignments.10. Take charge of other affairs for decisions on conscription policies or major issues.Article 15 　 The Deputy-Directors-General shall assist the Director-General with the following powers and responsibilities:1. Study major policies related to the conscription affairs.2. Supervision and instructions on the business concerned.3. Review or resolve on behalf of the Director-General major reports, documents.4. Preside over and participate in various major meetings.5. Assist the Director-General in the Administration activities.6. Take charge the Director-General’s assignments.Article 16 　 The Chief-Secretary shall, as instructed by the Director-General, Deputy-Directors-General, guide the Units in their business operation and take charge of the Administration activities, with the following powers and responsibilities:1. Offer proposals on major policies as related to the conscription affairs.2. Promote business operation of various Units’ review and coordinate with the draw-up, amendment of the laws and ordinances.3. Conduct comprehensive review and supervision on documents worked out by the Units.4. Prepare for major meetings.5. Map out and oversee R&D and performance rating.6. Manage and oversee the major and confidential issues.7. Take charge of assignments from Director-General and Deputy-Directors-General.Article 17 　 The section chiefs and directors shall take charge of the Administration affairs as ordered by the Director-General, Deputy-Directors-General and instructed by the Chief-Secretary with the following powers and responsibilities:1. Map out, oversee and improve business operation in charge.2. Preside over and participate in the business operation concerned under charge by their sections (offices).3. Direct, oversee and review duties performed by their subordinates.4. Propose performance rating, awards and punishment of their subordinates.5. Make decisions on behalf as designated in the checklist of the Administration’s division of responsibilities to respective levels.6. raw up major documents. 7. Perform duties as assigned by the Director-General and Deputy Directors-General.Article 18 　 The specialist committee members, secretaries of select rank and superintendents of select rank shall have the following powers and responsibilities:1. Draw up and review operations plans and major policies.2. Devise and review major projects.3. Study and review of conscription related technological and specialist issues.4. Assist superiors in managing the Administration affairs.5. Offer proposals about improvement of business operation.6. Take charge of duties as assigned by superiors.Article 19 　 Subsection chiefs shall have the following powers and responsibilities:1. Draw up and work out the projects and operation reports of the subsections.2. Draw up interpretation on ambiguity of laws and ordinances related to their subsections.3. Map out, enforce and improve business operation related to their subsections.4. Instruct, oversee and rate performance of personnel of their subsections. 5. Carry out major documents of their subsections.6. Take charge of duties assigned by superiors.Article 20 　 The secretaries, superintendents, editors, professional engineers, specialists, subsection team members, technicians, staff members and clerks shall be held responsible within the scope of the business operation handled by them and duties under their charge.Article 21 　 The Administration enforces the system of assuming responsibilities by respective levels with powers authorized level by level.The details of the system of assuming responsibilities by respective levels shall be separately established.Chapter 4Council and MeetingsArticle 22 　 The Administration Council shall hold a meeting on a weekly basis and may call an extraordinary meeting as necessary.The Administration Council meeting shall be presided over by the Director-General.In such meeting, the Deputy-Directors-General, chief secretary and department heads shall be the ex officio participants.Other participants shall be appointed by the Director-General who may advise other people concerned to participate or attend as an observer.Article 23 　 The Administration shall hold a Conscription Affairs Review Meeting on an annual basis and may call an extraordinary meeting as necessary.Article 24 　 The Administration may, in line with business needs, call project seminars and coordinating meeting and may, as necessary, invite scholars, experts and invite organizations concerned to assign participants.Article 25 　 For meetings called and held by various Units which are related to other units or organizations, the minutes of such meetings shall be served to such units or organizations after being reviewed by the Director-General.Article 26 　 Personnel of the Units participating in meetings called and held by other organizations on behalf of the Administration shall consult for approval beforehand and report the details of the meeting afterwards.Where the conclusions reached in a meeting are found contrary to the instructed principles, such participants shall declare reservation on-the-spot and shall not reply to the issue until returning to and consulting with the Administration.Chapter 5BylawsArticle 27 　 The Administration’s documentation, business management and financial management shall be duly handled in accordance with laws and ordinances and handbooks concerned.Article 28 　 These Operational Rules come into enforcement on March 1, 2002.
