Article 1
This Act is enacted pursuant to Article 8 of the Organization Act of the Ministry of the Interior. Article 2
The Central Police University (hereinafter referred to as "the University") is subordinate to the Ministry of the Interior, and is aimed to research advanced policing studies and to cultivate professional police talents, and shall accept directions from the Ministry of Education according to the University Act. Article 3
Under the University shall be set the following departments, divisions, offices, libraries and centers:1. Department of Academic Affairs: takes charge of registration, curricular affairs, compilation & publishing, teaching materials, facilities, and other related affairs.2. Department of Student Affairs: takes charge of spiritual education, psychological assistance, and other assistance affairs; and presides over the planning and teaching of job training, physical education, military training, and nursing courses.3. Department of General Affairs: takes charge of finance, repair and construction, storage, and other general affairs.4. Secretariat: takes charge of meetings, legal affairs, research, documents, official seal, and archives.5. Forensic Science Laboratory: takes charge of various scientific experiment, research and authentication related to police studies.6. Public Relations Office: takes charge of contact with schoolfellows, news release, promulgation of the University's polices, reception of guests, and other affairs related to public relations.7. Library: takes charge of collection of documents for teaching and research, and provision of information services.8. Computer Center: takes charge of information administration, teaching and research affairs.9. Extension Education Training Center: takes charge of on-the-job training, further education, and advanced study affairs of the in-service policemen; and trains civil public security personnel on a commission basis, and trains civil policemen.The above-mentioned departments, divisions, offices, libraries and centers may set sections to handle official business. The chiefs of the Forensic Laboratory and the Computer Center shall be assumed by associate professors or senior police instructors on a part-time basis, and the others shall be assumed on a full-time basis. Article 4
The University shall set departments, and may set research institutes separately. Where necessary, schools may be set above departments and institutes according to the actual requirements. Article 5
A president shall be set to preside over the University, and a vice president to assist the president and administrate the University under the direction of the president. Both of them shall be assumed by policemen of the senior rank. Article 6
In the University, professors, associate professors, assistant professors and lecturers shall be employed to perform teaching, research and tutorship, and assistants may be employed according to the teaching and research requirements. The quota of the aforementioned personnel shall be determined in accordance with the educational laws and decrees. In the University shall be set 20~40 instructors of the intermediate police rank, and 15 of them may be listed in the senior police rank. The number of instructor shall be included in the quota of teachers referred to in the preceding paragraph. In the University, a dean shall be set in each of the colleges and departments, a superintendent in each of the separately established research institutes, a director in the Extension Training Education Center, the Computer Center, the Forensic Laboratory, and the Public Relations Office, and a curator in the library. All of them shall be assumed on a part-time basis by the professorsor senior instructors referred to in the above two paragraphs. Article 7
The University shall set a general secretary of the rank of senior grade 11 or the senior police rank; a dean in the Department of Academic Affairs, the Department of Student Affairs, and the Department of General Affairs of the senior or intermediate rank; 1~3 technicians of the rank of intermediate grade 8~9, one of which may be listed in the rank of senior grade 10; 14 section chiefs of the rank of intermediate grade 9 or the intermediate police rank; 2 or 3 secretaries of the rank of intermediate grade 8~9 or the intermediate police rank; 2~4 editors of the rank of intermediate grade 7~9; 18~28 staff members of the rank of junior grade 4~5 or the junior police rank, among which 10 may be listed in the rank of intermediate grade 6~7 or the intermediate police rank; 1~3 craftsmen of the rank of junior grade 4~5, 14~26senior clerks of the rank of junior grade 3~4; 1 captain of the Security Brigade and 14~20 officers of the Security Brigade, all of which is of the junior police rank; and 6~14 amanuensis of the rank of junior grade 1~3. In principle, the above-mentioned directors of the Department of Academic Affairs, the Department of Student Affairs, and the Department of General Affairs are full-time positions, but may be assumed by professors on a part-time basis where necessary. The on-the-job employees, who are employed before this Act is amended and enforced and have not the qualifications for public servants, may occupy the positions of amanuensis referred to in the first paragraph to continue the employment until they leave their jobs. Article 8
In the University there shall be a infirmary, and in the infirmary shall be set a director of the rank of intermediate grade 9; 1 or 2 physicians of the rank of intermediate grade 7~8; 1 assistant pharmacist and 1~3 nurses of the rank of junior grade 3~5, to take charge of health care, medical treatment and nursing. Article 9
Under the University shall be set a Personnel Office, and in the office shall be set a director of the rank of intermediate grade 9~senior grade 10 to handle personnel management according to the law; the other officers shall be allocated within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 10
Under the University shall be set an Accounting and Statistic Office, and in the office shall be set an accounting director of the rank of intermediate grade 9~senior grade 10 to handle annual settlement and accounting affairs according to the law, and also undertake statistic tasks; the other officers shall be allocated within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 11
Under the University shall be set a Student Corps to deal with the military training and daily life assistance of the students; in the corps shall be set a commander in chief of the intermediate or senior police rank; a deputy commander in chief and 1~3 commander of the intermediate police rank; 1~3 deputy commander, 8~14 captains, and 8~14 associate captains of the junior or intermediate police rank; and 26~42 lieutenant of the junior police rank. Article 12
For the position system of the personnel with official and positional ranks referred to Article 5~11, except the police officers and employees, Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act shall apply. Article 13
Various committees may be set under the University according to the actual requirements, and the staff required shall be allocated within the quota prescribed in the Act. Article 14
The operational regulations of the University shall be prepared by the University itself, and reported to the Ministry of the Interior for approval, and the Ministry of Education for review and reference. Article 15
This Act will take effect as of the date of promulgation. 
