Article 1
To intergrate planning, coordination and implementation of marine-related policy, as well as to conduct affairs related to waters and coast guarding, marine conservation and marine research, the Executive Yuan establishes the Ocean Affairs of Council (hereinafter referred to as the Council). Article 2
The Council is in charge of the following matters:1. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and implementation of general marine policy and the basic decrees.2. Overall planning, coordination and promotion of the development of marine industry.3. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and promotion of marine environmental protection, resources management, sustainable development, biodiversity conservation and pollution prevention and control.4. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and implementation of security of waters and coastal areas.5. Overall planning, coordination and implementation of marine culture and education.6. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and implementation of marine scientific research and technological development.7. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and implementation of marine human resources development.8. Overall planning, deliberation, coordination and implementation for harmonizing its relevant domestic laws with the international maritime conventions, and of international cooperation.9. Supervision, coordination and promotion of the Council’s marine research and manpower development institutions.10. Other affairs related to maritime affairs. Article 3
The Council shall have one Chairman (Minister), political appointment; and three Deputy Chairmen (Deputy Ministers), two of whom are politically appointed equivalent to Senior Grade 14 while the third one ranked as Senior Grade 14. The council shall consist of 17 to 19 adjunct members, who shall be assigned or employed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan Article 4
The Council shall have one Chief Secretary ranked as Senior Grade 12. Article 5
The Council’s subordinate agencies and their tasks are as follows:1. Coast Guard Administration: Planning and implementation of matters related to waters and coast guarding.2. Ocean Conservation Administration: Planning and implementation of matters related to marine conservation. Article 6
Based on operational needs, the Council may assign personnel to work overseas after gaining approval from the Executive Yuan in accordance with Organization Act of Diplomatic Missions of the Republic of China. Article 7
The ranks, grades and number of positions of the Council’s staff shall be governed by a separate organization chart.No more than one half of the positions listed in the organization chart mentioned in the preceding Paragraph may be staffed with policemen and military personnel with equivalent ranks and the customs officers who were transferred to the predecessor of the Council due to transference of business in 2000. Article 8
At the inception of the Council, the appointment, management, rights and responsibilities of the personnel who have been transferred from other entities shall comply with relevant laws and regulations of their pesrsonnel systems. Article 9
The date that this Act enters into force shall be determined by the Executive Yuan. 
