Article 1
To conduct matters related to waters and coasts guarding, the Ocean Affairs Council establishes the Coast Guard Administration (hereinafter referred to as the CGA). Article 2
The CGA is in charge of the following matters:1. Planning, supervision and implementation for safeguarding maritime rights and interests.2. Planning, supervision and implementation for maintenance of maritime security.3. Safety inspection of water-bound vessels into or out of ports or any other water-borne vehicles and personnel at the commercial ports.4. Investigation of smuggling operations, illegal exit or entry into the country, and investigating other illegal activities on waters, coasts, estuaries and at non-commercial ports.5. Boarding, inspection, and criminal investigation of the Repulic of China vessels or foreign vessels subject to international conventions on the high seas.6. Coordination, investigation and handling the matters related to foreign affairs on waters and coastal areas.7. Safety investigation of waters and coastal areas.8. Management and security of the coastal control zone.9. Supervision, coordination and implementation of the education and training for Coast Guard personnel.10. Other matters related to the Coast Guard. Article 3
The CGA shall have one Director-General concurrently assumed by one of the deputy Chairmen of the Ocean Affairs Council and two Deputy Director-Generals ranked as Senior Grade 12 ~ 13. Article 4
The CGA shall have one Chief Secretary ranked as Senior Grade 11 ~ 12. Article 5
The CGA’s subordinate agencies and their tasks are as follows:1. Branches: Implementation of affairs related to waters and coasts guarding in each’s area of responsibility.2. Investigation Branch: Implementation of affairs related to investigation of crimes and security on waters and coastal areas. Article 6
The CGA may set up servicing units, if necessary. Article 7
Based on operational needs, the CGA may assign personnel to work overseas after gaining approval from the Executive Yuan in accordance with Organization Act of Diplomatic Missions of the Republic of China. Article 8
The ranks, grades and number of positions of the CGA’s staff shall be governed by a separate organization chart.No more than one half of the positions listed in the organization chart mentioned in the preceding Paragraph may be staffed with policemen and military personnel with equivalent ranks and customs officers who were transferred to the predecessor of the Council due to transference of business in 2000. Article 9
The appointment, management, rights and responsibilities of the personnel of the CGA and its subordinate agencies shall comply with relevant laws and regulations of their pesrsonnel systems. Article 10
Based on operational needs, the CGA and its subordinate agencies may be staffed with military personnel.The military personnel abovementioned in the preceding paragraph shall be governed by a separate table of organization. Article 11
The date that this Act enters into force shall be determined by the Executive Yuan. 
