Article 1
This regulation is according to the establishment of the 2nd regulation of the 7th organizational item of the Council of Indigenous Peoples, Executive Yuan. Article 2
Bureau of Culture Park, Council of Indigenous Peoples, Executive Yuan, shall supervise the items listed below* Items of the Cultural Park’s collection, arrangement, research, storage, and publishing of data and cultural relics, as well as the display of exhibitions, which promote learning exchanges. * Items concerning the planning of exhibitions of indigenous people’s traditional arts and technical skills, as well as the training of technical staff for exhibitions. * Items concerning the research, compilation, planning, and presentation of indigenous music and dance as well as folklore activities and personnel training. * Items concerning the management and maintenance of indigenous traditional architecture and indigenous lifestyle exhibitions. * Items concerning the creation, use, and management of audio-visual data. * Items concerning the management and protection of public facilities and general sanitation within the park as well as tourist services. * Items related to examinations, discussion of official business, records, files, seals, treasury, management of administrative affairs, and financial management etc. * Other items related to the preservation and maintenance of indigenous people’s culture, research development, academic research and exchanges, and community education activities. Article 3
The Bureau has three established organizations, and they are divided according to the supervision of the proceeding items. Article 4
There is one director posted at the Bureau, and the position’s selected appointment rank is from 11th rank to 12th rank. He/she will direct and supervise all of the personnel of the Bureau. Article 5
The Secretary at the Bureau’s post by recommendation is 9th to 10th selected appointment rank. There are to be three Administrative Division Chiefs, and the selected appointment rank for the posts by recommendation shall be 8th to 9th. There are to be three to four commissioners and the ranking for posts by recommendation shall be 7th to 8th rank. There are to be three to four team members and two to three specialists, and the posts are all to be ranked 5th rank by appointment or 6th rank by recommendation. There is to be one clerk, and the appointed post rank shall be 1st rank to 3rd rank. Article 6
In accordance with the legal items for the handling of personnel matters management, there is to be one post for Personnel manager, and the appointed post ranking shall be 5th rank, and the post by recommendation ranking shall be 7th rank. Article 7
In accordance with the legal items for the handling of annual budget, accounting, and statistics, there is to be one accountant placed at the Bureau, and the appointed post ranking shall be 5th rank, and the post by recommendation ranking shall be 7th rank. Article 8
The rankings and the applicable ranking system for all of the official positions established in the 5th to 7th Items are in accordance with the regulations of 8th Item of the Public Affairs Personnel Appointment Law regarding the selection of the ranking system. Article 9
The Bureau shall manage the affairs of detailed rules and regulations. It is the duty of the Bureau to draft and submit reports requesting ratification to the Council of Indigenous Peoples, Executive Yuan. Article 10
The effective date of implementation of this regulation will be determined by order of the Executive Yuan. 
