Article 1
This Act is formulated according to Article 5 in the Organizational Act of Coastal Patrol Directorate General in the Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan. Article 2
The Coastal Patrol Directorate General in the Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan has Northern Coastal Patrol Office, Central Coastal Patrol Office, Southern Coastal Patrol Office, and Eastern Coastal Patrol Office. Article 3
Each regional patrol office takes charge of the following matters:1. Execute the inspection and control of entry and exit of the Coast Control Zone.2. Execute the prevention and countering of smuggling and prevention of illegal entry and exit of the country in the coast and the non-trading port.3. Assist to execute the trading port on the prevention and countering of smuggling and prevention of illegal entry and exit of the country.4. Execute the control and handling of ships and other waterborne carriers’ illegal entry into the coastal zone.5. Execute the detection and prevention of crimes, guard and security in the coastal zone.6. Execute the security inspection of the coast, fishing port and commercial port.7. Execute the coordination, investigation and handling of coastal foreign affairs.8. Maintain the facilities or system operation of such as communication, electron (including radar), photoelectricity, and information etc.; and suggestion on the adjustment of electrical circuit (networks).9. Execute the prevention and countering of smuggling, prevention of illegal entry and exit and anti-penetration.10. Other matters shall be executed or assisted pursuant to law. Article 4
Each regional patrol office has Patrol Section, Security Control Section, Intelligence Section, Logistics Section, Section of Communications, Electronics and Information, Internal Affairs Office, and Assignment Command Center to take charge of the matters listed in the preceding article. Article 5
Each regional patrol office has Secretariat Office to take charge of documentation, official seals, cashier, general affairs, public relations, research, services to the general public and other business areas that do not belong to other Sections, Offices or Centers. Article 6
Each regional patrol office sets one director, with the position of the normally appointed eleventh to twelfth level or as vice admiral or rear admiral, overall taking charge of office affairs and commanding and supervising the affiliated units and personnel; and two deputy directors, with the position of the normally appointed tenth to eleventh level or as rear admiral or captain, assisting in taking charge of office affairs. Article 7
Each regional patrol office sets twenty team leaders, with the position of the recommended appointed ninth to normally appointed tenth level or as captain or commander; twenty vice team leaders, twenty to twenty-eight section chiefs, twelve managers and four to twelve secretaries, with the position of the recommended appointed eighth to ninth level or as commander; forty sub-team leaders, one hundred and eleven to one hundred and twenty-three commissioners, with the position of the recommended appointed seventh to eighth level or as commander or lieutenant commander; three hundred and thirty personnel engaging in prevention and countering of smuggling, one hundred and fifty-five to one hundred and eighty-seven section members, with the position of the appointed fifth level or the recommended appointed sixth to seventh level or as lieutenant commander, lieutenant, or lieutenant at junior grade; one hundred and four to one hundred and twenty-four office clerks, with the position of the appointed third to fifth level or as lieutenant at junior grade, ensign or officer; twenty to thirty-six clerks, with the position of the appointed first to third level or as officer.The aforesaid personnel quota will be deployed by the Coastal Patrol Directorate General in the Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan according to the business requirements of each regional patrol office. Article 8
Each regional patrol office has Personnel Office and sets one manager, with the position of the recommended appointed eighth to ninth level or as commander, taking charge of personnel management matters pursuant to law; other necessary working personnel shall be assigned according to the quota of each office. Article 9
Each regional patrol office has Accounting Office and sets one accounting manager, with the position of the recommended appointed eighth to ninth level or as commander, taking charge of budgeting, accounting and statistics matters pursuant to law; other necessary working personnel shall be assigned according to the quota of each office. Article 10
With respect to the civil personnel of the position levels and titles provided from Article 6 to Article 9, their position’s applicable system of position shall be selected according to the relevant system of positions as provided in Article 8 of the Public Functionaries Appointment Act. Article 11
(deleted) Article 12
In response to the needs of service, each regional patrol office shall has Coast Patrol Corps and affiliated units, and the Eastern Coastal Patrol Office shall has Medical Unit, both of them have military appointment; the required manpower will be served with personnel in military service; and the organization chart will be otherwise formulated. Article 13
Each regional patrol office formulates the Regulations applicable in each regional patrol office, and then apply for an approval from the Coastal Patrol Directorate General in the Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan. Article 14
The Executive Yuan should decide the date that this Act begins to be valid. 
