Article 1
This Act is enacted pursuant to Articles 3 and 15 of the Police Act. Article 2
Police education is divided into cultivation education, improvement education and advanced education, separately handled by Police Schools, Police College, and Police University.Organization of the above-mentioned schools will be prescribed in laws otherwhere. Article 3
Under a Police School are set policemen classes and preliminary classes.The studying term of policemen class is 1 year, and anyone who has graduated from a public or registered private high school or another equivalent school, or has the same educational level, may attend the entrance examination.The studying term of preliminary class is 3 years. The students, who get qualified study results, equivalent to those who graduate from high schools, may be selected through examination to enter the junior policemen classes of the Police College, and the students performed excellently may be recommended to enter the Police University. Anyone who has graduated from a public or registered private junior high school or other equivalent school, or has the same educational level may attend the entrance examination.Establishment of the above-mentioned preliminary class and qualification of graduation equivalent to high school graduates will be determined by the Ministry of the Interior together with the Ministry of Education. Article 4
Under a Police College are set junior policemen classes with a studying term of 2 years. The students who get qualified study results will obtain the qualification of college graduates. Anyone who has graduated from a public or registered private high school or another equivalent school, or has the same educational level, may attend the entrance examination.In the provinces (cities) where there is no police school, the policemen classes and the preliminary classes mentioned in the above article shall be handled by the Police College with the approval of the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Education, so as to meet the required quota of policemen.Provisions on recruitment of the classes mentioned in the above two paragraphs shall be studied out by the Police College, reported to the Ministry of the Interior for review and approval, and transferred to the Ministry of Education for future reference.Police College may recruit those who have special expertise, and the entrance qualification, conditions, quota and selection procedure shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 5
Under the Police University are set the following departments and institute:1. Departments:(1) 4-year departments: the studying term is 4 years, and the students get qualified grades will be awarded with the degree of bachelor.(2) 2-year technology department: the studying term is 2 years, and the students get qualified grades will be awarded with the degree of bachelor.2. Research institute: the studying term is 1~4 years for master class, and 2~7 years for doctor class. The students get qualified grades and meet the Degree Awarding Act will be separately awarded with the degree of master or doctor.Provisions on recruitment of the above-mentioned departments and institute shall be studied out by the Police University, reported to the Ministry of the Interior for review and approval, and transferred to the Ministry of Education for future reference.The departments and the 2-year technology department of the Police University may recruit the students who perform excellently in Police College or have special expertise by selection or examination. Provisions on the entrance qualification, conditions, quota, and selection or examination procedure shall be prescribed by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 5-1
The students matriculated through preliminary test in the classes of Police College and the departments of the Police University may enroll in only after passing the investigation of family background. The investigation items, standard and implementation procedure shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 5-2
Rules on expulsion, compelled exit, exit from training, reservation of academic register on probation, as well as rewarding and punishment of the students in Police College and the Police University shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 5-3
Foreign in-service policemen coming to R.O.C to study police administration shall be distributed into Police College and the Police University after the applications transferred by the Ministry of the Interior are approved by the Ministry of Education. Assistance, treatment of enjoying public expenses, and subsidy for these students shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 6
Police assistant class and professional class may be set under the Police University to provide improvement education for in-service policemen, and police director class, police commissioner class, and research class to provide advanced education for in-service policemen. The implementation procedure shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 7
Presidents, educational chiefs and directors in charge of academic affairs and discipline of Police Schools, Police College and the Police University shall be assumed by those who have accepted police education as mentioned in Article 5, and have worked in police education or administration for not more than 5 years, and meet other relevant requirements. Article 8
Qualifications of professor, associate professor, docent, and assistant in police education shall be handled in accordance with educational laws and regulations, and qualification of drillmaster shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior together with the Ministry of Education. Article 9
Students in Police College and the Police University under cultivation education may enjoy public expenses and subsidy, and the procedure shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior.The students graduated from Police College and the Police University will be appointed as police officers, and shall serve for certain years according to relevant provisions. Otherwise, the education expenses in the study period shall be compensated. The content, standard and procedure of compensation as well as the specified serving years shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 10
The course standards of police schools shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior.The education subjects of Police College and the Police University shall be determined by the Ministry of the Interior together with the Ministry of Education. Article 11
Education plans of police schools shall be reported to the Ministry of the Interior for verification and archiving. Educational plans of Police College and the Police University shall be reported to the Ministry of the Interior for verification and transferring to the Ministry of Education for future reference. Article 12
Police organs of all levels shall carry out routine training according to the procedure determined by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 13
This Act will take effect since it is issued. 
