Article 1
The police uniforms shall be governed by this Act. Article 2
The police uniforms are classified as ceremonial uniform, standard uniform, and working uniform. Incumbent police shall follow requirements herein. Article 3
The police shall wear the ceremonial uniform on the following occasions:1. Attending national ceremonies and banquets or those of countries with diplomatic ties with Taiwan.2. Meeting with the president or head of state with diplomatic ties with Taiwan.3. Officially visiting or paying return visits to officials or officers from countries with diplomatic ties with Taiwan.4. Attending important police ceremonies or parade inspection.On the occasion of which prescribed in subparagraph 4 of the preceding paragraph, the standard uniform also can be worn in lieu of the ceremonial uniform. Article 4
The police may wear the working uniform while performing routine duties and attending assemblies, unless the standard uniform is considered more appropriate to wear. For the needs of a mission, the police, however, are not required to wear the uniform.When wearing the uniform in accordance with the requirements in the preceding paragraph, the police may add an overcoat or raincoat if it’s cold or it rains. Article 5
The types of uniform and badges that the police shall wear shall be enacted by the Ministry of the Interior.The uniforms and badges prescribed in the preceding paragraph are purchased and distributed by the police authorities at the departmental level. Article 6
The uniforms and badges for civilians at police organizations, trainees and students at Central Police University and Taiwan Police College, police honor guards, police bands and special operational staff; the raincoat and rain shoes for incumbent police and the dress code for special operation are regulated by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 7
The date to change seasonal police uniform shall be announced by National Police Agency, Ministry of the Interior, based on the season and climate in different areas. Article 8
This Act shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
