Article 1
This Procedure has been developed pursuant to Article 10.4 of Coast Guard Law (the Law) Article 2
Additional to the status as a judicial police, any agent from coast guard organizations assigned to enforce the duties of criminal investigation as defined by Article 4 of the Law shall take the judicial police professional training according to the Procedure. Article 3
The training referred herein shall be provided by General Maritime Patrol Agency (GMPA), and Directorate General of Coast Guard (DGCG); both agencies under the supervision by Coast Guard Administration of Executive Yuan, or any other competent organization in providing the judicial policy professional training.Both of the GMPA and DGCG (hereinafter to be referred to as the Training Organization) shall develop the training program to seek the approval from CGA before carrying out the training program. Article 4
The training will be classified as follows:1.Level 1 Specialty Class: with trainees limited to agents of the selected appointment rank or higher, officers ranked with colonel or higher, and agents of the customs supervision rank or higher as defined in Article 10.1 of the Law, and the term of training shall be for four (4) weeks;2.Level 2 Specialty Class: with trainees other than those specified in the preceding subparagraph 1 limited to agents of the recommended appointment rank or higher, officers ranked with captain, and senior customs agents or higher as defined in Article 10.2, and the term of training shall be for six (6) weeks.3.General Specialty Class: with trainees from those as defined in Article 10.3 of the Law who are not included in the preceding two subparagraphs 1 and 2. Article 5
The training given is divided into two classifications, respectively the legal course and the professional course.Subjects and hours of the training courses as referred in the preceding paragraph shall be determined by CGA depending on the characteristics of the classes and professional requirements. Article 6
The training organization shall depending on the operation requirements determine the number of trainees by class and by term of training to seek the authorization by CGA before notifying each and all coast guard organizations for the selection of the qualified trainees according to the quota assigned.Each coast guard organization shall depending on the quota of trainees assigned by term and by class select trainees who are qualified both in discipline and physique and who are competent to enforce criminal investigation and submit the list of trainees one (1) month prior to the commencement date of the training to the organization sponsoring the training. Article 7
Upon receiving the training notice, the trainee shall report on the date and place specified in the notice. Any trainee prevented from taking the training for cause whatsoever shall be notified to his/her service unit for an approval of a later training. Article 8
Any trainee found with any of the following events shall be forthwith rejected from the training:1. The number of hours of leave requested and taken for absent from class becomes grater than the ten percent (10%) of the total hours in class (to this purpose, twenty-four hours for a day);2. The number of hours of absenteeism accumulated becomes greater than three percent (3%) of that of the training, or the number of hours of leave for absent from the course is grater than the ten percent (10%) of the total hours in class;3. Having exercised violence, and/or threaten against any lecturer, coordinator or employee of the training organization;4. Any event as listed in Article 28 of Public Service Employment Law; or5. Any other substantial fact about the trainee that is sufficient to be judged as poor in morals, discipline or character in gravis extent. Article 9
The 100-point scoring system is used in the evaluation of the training achievements.Any trainee graded with scores of 60 or higher is given a pass; otherwise, a fail.The scores given under Personal discipline, morals, courtesy, and appearance take up twenty percent (20) of the total scores; and performance during the training course, eighty percent (80%).The evaluation criteria for grading the scores as specified in the preceding paragraph shall be determined by CGA. Article 10
Upon the completion of the training, the training organization shall submit a list of training achievements to CGA for reference.Any trainee having passed the training will be issued a diploma by CGA; any trainee having failed or rejected from the training will be referred in the evaluation of personal performance.Any agent or officer from the coast guard organization having participated and passed any training program other than that given pursuant to the Procedure with the nature of the training course and term of training deemed as equivalent to those specified in the Procedure by CGA shall be considered that the agent or officer has duly completed the judicial police professional training given by the Procedure, and will be issued a diploma by CGA. Article 11
Any trainee found in either of the following events may be given the retraining provided that such retraining shall be limited to only once:1. Having a fail in the achievement report of the training; or2. Having been rejected pursuant to Article 8.1 or Article 8.2. Article 12
Expenditures incurred by the training will be paid by the budget prepared by CGA and the training organization. Article 13
This Procedure shall become operative on and after the date it is published. 
