Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 4, Article 37 of the Physically and Mentally Disabled Citizens Protection Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The massage industry shall be managed in accordance with these Regulations unless otherwise prescribed by laws and regulations. Article 3
The competent authorities referred to in these Regulations are the Ministry of the Interior at the central level, the Department (Bureau) of Social Affairs in province (city) government at the province (city) level, and the county (city) governments at the county (city) level. Article 4
The hand skills of massage include gently scraping, kneading, finger press, knock, vibration, bending, movement, and other special hand skills. Article 5
Anyone who is engaged in the massage industry shall meet the following conditions:1. Vision disabled who has received a disability manual under the Act.2. Qualified in the skills test for massage technicians.3. Have a massage technician’s business license issued by the competent authorities Article 6
The skills test for massage technicians shall be held by the Bureau of Vocational Training under the Council of Labor Affairs, Executive Yuan. Article 7
Anyone who wants to be engaged in massage shall submit the following documents to the local competent authority or submit to the trade union of massage for transferring to the local competent authority, to apply for issuance of the massage technician’s business license.1. Letter of application2. Massage technician certificate issued by the Council of Labor Affairs, Executive Yuan.3. Health examination certificate produced by a public medical institution or a private hospital designated by the competent authority.4. Latest 2-inch half-length photo in triplicate In the areas where the trade union of massage has not been established yet, an association of the vision disabled designated by the local competent authority may be entrusted to transfer the application referred to the above paragraph.In case of breakage, loss or missing of the massage technician’s business license, the holder may apply for renewal or re-issuance in accordance with the provisions of the above two paragraphs.For the disabled with vision malfunction who do not apply for issuance of the massage technician’s business license according to the first paragraph but are engaged in massage, the municipal and county (city) competent authorities shall guide and order them to handle the procedure of application pursuant to these Regulations within a specified time limit. Article 8
In case of alteration of the business location into another municipal or county (city), the massage practitioner shall apply to the competent authority at the new location for the massage technician’s business license, and hand in the original one for cancellation. The competent authority at the original location of business shall abolish the original permit, and write off the original business license.Upon issuing the license, the competent authority at the new business location shall inform the competent authority and the trade union of massage at the original business location. Article 9
During operating, the massage practitioners shall carry the originals (photostat copies) of their business licenses, and pay attention to the neatness of their appearance and clothes. Article 10
The massage practitioners may not be engaged in massage during the period of getting infectious disease, skin disease, mental disease, or other serious disease. Article 11
The massage practitioners shall go to the public medical institutions or private hospitals designated by the competent authorities to get the health examination certificate before the end of March every year. The trade union of massage or the association of vision disabled designated by the local competent authority shall actively assist its members and periodically guide them to get the health examination certificate. The competent authorities at the business locations will selectively examine the aforementioned health examination certificates and, upon finding a practitioner gets the any of the disease listed in the above article, shall immediately assist him/her to accept medical treatment, and the practitioner may restart his business only after the public medical institution or the private hospital designated by the competent authority produces a certificate proving he/she has been cured. Article 12
Where a massage practitioner establishes a fixed business place, the place shall be marked with a sign of massage technician and shall be provided with massage rooms and disinfection equipments. Article 13
Where a massage practitioner operates individually or together with someone else, only one fixed business place may be established by him or them.The above-mentioned practitioner himself/herself, the trade union of massage at the location of business, or the association of vision disabled designated by the local competent authority shall report the business to the municipal or county (city) competent authority for registration for reference. Article 14
The massage business operated by anyone other than the vision disabled referred to in the Act will be banned and disposed in accordance with Article 65 of the Act by the municipal or county (city) competent authority.Any discovered violation of other laws and regulations shall also be disposed by the corresponding competent authority. Article 15
These Regulations will take effect as of the date of promulgation. 
