Article 1
Hakka Affairs Council (hereinafter referred to as HAC) enacted the regulation in accordance with Stipulation 1, Article 9 of the Medal Award Act to honor and award those who make contributions to Hakka affairs. Article 2
Hakka Affairs Professional Medals (hereinafter referred to as the Medals) shall be granted to those with any of the following conditions:1. Those who make contributions to plan and promote Hakka policy, institution and laws and regulations;2. Those who make contributions to preserve, create, exhibit and promote Hakka language and culture;3. Those who make contributions to preserve, pass on and carry forward Hakka folk skills, festival activities and religious rituals;4. Those who make contributions to Hakka academic research and knowledge system development;5. Those who make contributions to Hakka education and talent cultivation;6. Those who make contributions to preserve, maintain, develop, activate and recycle Hakka special settlements, architecture, historical sites and surroundings;7. Those who make contributions to initiate and operate Hakka communications media;8. Those who make contributions to preserve, create, exhibit and promote Hakka cultural industries;9. Those who make contributions to harmonious relationships among ethnic groups;10. Those who make contributions to Hakka affairs cooperation and exchange at home and abroad;11. Those who make contributions to Hakka affairs development. Article 3
The medals are ranked into First Class, Second Class or Third Class and are pinned onto the lapel and hung with silk ribbon. The Third Class medal shall be conferred on first time awardees, except in the case of exceptional and outstanding achievement. The entitlement to a higher grade of the medal may also be obtained based on the accumulated credits of personal contributions.The medals shall not be awarded more than one time to the same person in the same year. Two or more medals of the above three grades shall not be awarded for the same achievement. Article 4
The bestowment of the medals has to go through the following procedures:1. Civil servants who apply for the medals have to be recommended by their affiliated organization.2. Non-civil servants or foreigners who apply for the medals have to be recommended by competent authorities or groups which can verify their achievements.3. Commissioners and departments or offices of the HAC can actively propose recommendations based on their duties.Before requesting bestowment of the medals, it is mandatory to fill out the form of Achievement Statement with the relevant credentials attached. The form of Achievement Statement can be found in Appendix 1. Appendix 1：Form of Professional Medal Statement of HAC.doc 
