Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with the regulations of Paragraph 2 of Article 3 of the Act on the Prevention and Control of Child and Juvenile Sex Trade (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Items included as part of “education and advocacy” in this set of Regulations, in addition to the items regulated in Article 4 of the Act, shall also include the following: 1. Prevention and control of AIDS and other sexually-transmitted diseases.2. Sex education. Article 3
The competent health authorities mentioned in this set of Regulations shall be the Department of Health, the Executive Yuan, at the central level; the municipal governments at the municipality level; and the county (city) governments at the county (city) level. Article 4
Competent health authorities at all levels shall conduct, in coordination with education, internal affairs, labor and other relevant organizations or civic organizations, educational and advocacy activities for the prevention and control of the child and juvenile sex trade. Article 5
Competent health authorities at all levels shall entrust civic organizations or academic institutions to implement, through various channels, by directly accessing sex trade-related work places, various educational and advocacy measures. Article 6
Competent health authorities at all levels shall, either by themselves or by entrusting medical care institutions, civic organizations, establish counseling service stations or counseling telephone numbers to provide relevant information mentioned in Article 2.Children and juveniles who engage in the sex trade, or who may possibly engage in the sex trade, or who are victims of the sex trade, shall be referred for treatment or guidance. Article 7
Children or juveniles who have had their cases heard by the courts and have been found to have engaged in the sex trade or are likely to engage in sex trade shall receive lectures on the prevention and control of AIDS and other sexually-transmitted diseases. Article 8
This set of Regulations will be implemented on the day of announcement. 
