Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Article 66 of the Civil Associations Act. Article 2
A social association as called in these Regulations refers to a social association established under the Civil Associations Act. Article 3
A worker as called in these Regulations refers to a person employed by a social association to handle the affairs and business of the association. Article 4
The titles of the workers in social associations are as prescribed below:1. A national social association may set secretary-general, vice secretary-general, secretary, division director, specialist, division member, clerk, employee, or other proper positions.2. A province (city)-level social association may set director-general, vice director-general, secretary, division director, clerk, employee, or other proper positions.The qualification conditions referred to in the above paragraph shall include such items as educational background, experience, health, and so forth shall set forth by the association.The title and quota of the workers referred to in the above paragraph shall be reported to the regulating authority for reference after they have been approved by the board of directors. Article 5
A worker may not be assumed by an officer appointed through election. Article 6
A social association may not employ the spouse, blood relatives within three generation, or in-laws of the current chairperson of the board of directors as full-time worker, unless such person has been employed before the chairperson succeeds. Article 7
Any dismissal of workers shall be approved by the board of directors and reported to the regulating authority for reference after the event. Article 8
The pay and welfare for the full-time workers shall be prescribed by the board of directors of each social association according to its financial status, and then submit it the member's (member representative's) congress for approval. Article 9
With the approval of the board of directors, a reasonable transportation allowance may be offered to the part-time or temporarily transferred workers, but the sum may not exceed one-third of the pay for a full-time worker of the same level, and the standard shall be prescribed by each association itself. Article 10
The evaluation of routine work of the workers, the rewarding measures include commendation, recording a merit, and recording a special merit; and the punishment measures include warning, recording a demerit, and recording a special merit shall be regulated by the Board. Article 11
These Regulations shall become effective as of the date of promulgation. 
