Article 1
These Regulations are enacted to divide the foreign affairs-related authority and responsibility between military police and police in the Taiwan Areas and to strengthen their contact. Article 2
Disciplinary picket and guard of the foreign soldiers in Taiwan are governed by the military police, and the police may be requested to provide assistance where necessary. Investigation, registration, inspection, and guardianship of common aliens are governed by the police, and the military police may be requested to provide assistance where necessary. Article 3
Disputes or civil/criminal cases occurred between foreign soldiers in Taiwan and soldiers of our country shall be handled by the military police in accordance with relevant laws. Disputes or civil/criminal cases occurred between foreign soldiers or aliens in Taiwan and citizens of our country shall be handled by the police in accordance with relevant laws. Disputes or civil/criminal cases occurred between soldiers of our country and aliens shall be handled by the police, and the soldiers concerned shall be transferred to the military police for handling. Where the governing police or military police is not on the spot, the cases as prescribed in the above three paragraphs shall be handled by the party on the spot, and then transferred to the governing party. Joint handling or assistance shall be continued all the same where it is required. Article 4
Disputes or civil/criminal cases simultaneously occurred between foreign soldiers and soldiers and citizens of our country shall be jointly handled by the military police and the police in accordance with relevant laws. Article 5
Management of employees and sanitary inspection concerning the eating houses and amusement places designated to serve foreign soldiers, except those established by military departments with approval of and registered in the Ministry of National Defense, shall be handled by the police. Article 6
Inspection of the certificate and identity of the guides who are required by foreign soldiers in Taiwan shall be handled by the police. However, once they enter a military area, the inspection may be executed by the military police. Article 7
Where the military police finds illegal actions are being committed in eating houses or amusement places designated to serve foreign soldiers, or someone privately guide foreign soldiers without permission, the police shall be notified to handle the case in accordance with relevant laws. Article 8
During the execution of foreign affairs-related duty, the police and the military police shall closely cooperate with each other, and respect the authority and position of each other. In case of discrepancy between the two, they shall report to their superiors for settlement and may not argue on the spot. Article 9
For handling of the cases between foreign soldiers and soldiers and citizens of our country, the police and the military police shall send a duplicate copy to each other where necessary. Where it is necessary to negotiate with the foreign government, the department handling the case shall collect and submit all the evidences and detailed records of the course to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for handling, and shall send a duplicate copy about the handling process to the other party after the event. Article 10
These Regulations will take effect from the date of promulgation. 
