Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 This Regulation is enacted pursuant to Paragraph 1 of Article 20 of the Senior Citizens’ Welfare Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”).Article 2　 Senior citizens’ welfare institutions shall comply with the followings:1. Caring and serving senior citizens based on the spirits of “not only respect our own elderly, but also the elderly of others.”2. Taking the service recipient’s safety and health as the primary consideration.3. Respecting the service recipient’s independence and rights.4. Professional personnel’s practices shall comply with related laws and regulations.5. Ensuring service quality and following professional ethical rules.6. Maintaining good interaction with other care groups.7. Not conducting exaggerated or false advertisements.8. Providing relevant information for the selector’s reference.9. Following personal data protection principles.10. Providing complaint channels.11. Unless otherwise stipulated in other regulations, keeping dossier records and case history records for 7 years.12. Reporting to the municipal and county (city) competent authorities where the provider’s domicile is before providing the service, and accepting supervision and guidelines from the municipal and county (city) competent authorities.Article 3　 Institution-base service providers shall be limited to those welfare institutions for senior citizens that were established based on the approval of the competent authorities.Article 4　 Social workers, caregivers, home-base service supervisors, and nursing personnel who provide welfare service to senior citizens under this Regulation shall comply with the stipulations under Regulations of training for Professionals of senior citizens welfare service.Article 5　 Social welfare entities referred to in this Regulation are legitimately registered and clearly includes social welfare matters within its Articles of Organization.Chapter 2 Home-Base ServicesSection 1 Home-Base Medical ServicesArticle 6　 Home-base medical services include the followings:1. Home-base care.2. Home-base nutrition.3. Home-base respiratory treatment.4. Home-base hospice care.5. Home-base pharmaceutical care.6. Other home-base medical services.Article 7　 Home-base medical services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical service institutions, nursing institutions, and related medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.Article 8　 Home-base medical service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment, and combine with professional medical staffs to provide their services.Article 9　 Home-base medical service provides shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the medical records and case history records.Section 2 Home-base Rehabilitation ServicesArticle 10 　 Home-base rehabilitation services include the followings:1. Home-base physical therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Physical Therapist Act.(2) Physical therapy with pains, assistive physical therapy with chronic wounds, assessment and consultation of environmental improvement, education and consultation of caregivers and service recipients.2. Home-base occupational therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Occupational Therapist Act.(2) Facilitation and trainings of functions of daily activities and participation of community life, facilitation and trainings of arrangement abilities of daily activities, assessment, consultation and applicable examination of environmental improvement, education and consultation of caregivers and community public.Article 11 　 Home-base rehabilitation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Rehabilitation related medical institutions, medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.Article 12 　 Home-base rehabilitation service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment, and the operation supervisors of the home-base rehabilitation services shall have medical or social worker professional qualifications.Article 13 　 Professional personnel of home-base rehabilitation services shall possess physical therapist (assistant) or occupational therapist (assistant) qualifications.Physical therapists (assistants) or occupational therapists (assistants) shall practice according to the diagnosis, notes, or advices issued by a physician.Article 14 　 Home-base rehabilitation service provides shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the medical records and case history records.Section 3 Body Care and Housekeeping ServicesArticle 15 　 Body care and housekeeping services include the followings:1. Body care services: including assistance to use of toilet, bath, clothes change, oral cleaning, dining, taking medication, turning the body over, padding the back, simple passive motions for limb joints, going to bed and getting off from bed, accompanying with exercises, assistance to use of daily life assistive equipment, and other services.2. Housekeeping services: including laundry and patching of clothes, cleaning of service recipient’s dwelling, documentation service, meal preparation service, accompanying to purchase or purchasing daily necessities, accompanying to seek medical service or contacting the medical care institution, and other services.Article 16 　 Body care and housekeeping services are provided by the followings institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Firms of licensed social workers.Article 17 　 Body care and housekeeping service providers shall place caregivers and home-base service supervisors, and may place full-time or contract administrative personnel, physicians, nursing personnel, or other staff members according to their operation needs.Article 18 　 Body care and housekeeping service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Signing a service contract with the service recipient before providing service to clearly stipulate the rights and obligations of both parties.2. Drafting a service plan.3. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.4. Making the medical records and case history records.Section 4 Visit-Care and Phone-Care ServicesArticle 19 　 Visit-care and phone-care services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical service institutions and nursing institutions.2. Social welfare institutions.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social entities, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Legitimately registered religious entities. 5. Firms of licensed social workers.Article 20 　 Visit-care and phone-care service providers shall combine with volunteers who have received related service trainings to provide their services, and have a specific person supervise.Article 21 　 Visit-care and phone-care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the service records.3. Providing on-the-job trainings or appropriate training channels to actual service personnel.Section 5 Home-Base Food ServicesArticle 22 　 Home-base food services include the followings:1. Delivery of meals.2. Providing individual food pursuant to the needs of the service recipient.Article 23 　 Home-base food services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, community development associations, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Restaurants and other food and beverage enterprises.Except for the home-base food service providers set forth in the previous paragraph, the municipal and county (city) competent authorities may organize local resources to provide services under special circumstances.Article 24 　 Home-base food service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment complied with hygienic requirements, and combine with a dietitian to provide services, if necessary.Article 25 　 Home-base food service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the service records.3. Providing hygienic, safe, and nutrition-balanced food and beverage.Section 6 Emergency Care ServiceArticle 26 　 Emergency care services include the followings:1. Contacting with accident and emergency management entities.2. Contacting with ambulances to provide emergency care.3. Notifying the emergency contact.Article 27 　 Emergency care services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, and social entities.4. Security enterprises.Article 28 　 Emergency care service providers shall place nursing personnel, and may place full-time or contract administrative personnel, social workers, or other staff members according to their operation needs.Article 29 　 Emergency care service providers shall equip with the following facilities and equipment in the emergency care service center and the dwelling of service recipients:1. Emergency care service center:(1) A primary machine allowing the center and the service recipient to mutually communicate and lively interact under monitoring.(2) Multi-support function equipment which ensures prompt and complete message processing when the system is exceptional.(3) Equipment for monitoring exterior connections and exceptional alarms and records.Equipment for monitoring exterior connections and exceptional alarms and records of the center.2. Dwelling of service recipients: signaling primary machine and wireless remote personal button.Article 30 　 Emergency care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Signing a service contract with the service recipient before providing service to clearly stipulate rights and obligations of both parties.2. Establishing complete data of service recipients.3. Providing instructions and explanations to service recipients after installations, and conducting online learning instructions and testing with the users.4. Monitoring the help messages 24 hours a day and contacting the emergency care immediately according to the service recipient’s needs.5. Setting the emergency care procedures, making the emergency care records, organizing a alarm monthly report and keeping the report for three years.6. Ensuring normal operation of emergency care system.7. Regularly holding service satisfaction survey.Section 7 Household Improvement ServicesArticle 31 　 Household improvement services include the followings:1. Improvements of facilities and equipment in the bathroom and kitchen.2. Improvements of the moving lines in the entrance, hallway, and stair, elimination of obstacles and unevenness, improvement of obstacles in the entrances and exits, and installation of handrails.3. Other items need to be improved according to professional assessments.Article 32 　 Household improvement services are provided by the following institutions:1. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.2. Construction and engineering enterprises.Article 33 　 Household improvement service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Actively protect senior citizens’ esteem and independence, establishing elder-friendly dwelling and environment.2. Providing accessible space in accordance with the senior citizens’ individual needs.Chapter 3 Community-Base ServicesSection 1 Health Care ServicesArticle 34 　 Health care services include the followings:1. Facilitation of healthy food.2. Facilitation of healthy physical fitness.3. Health consultation and household health service.4. Promotion of health education.5. Prevention of accidental injuries.6. Oral health care service.7. Safe medication service.8. Prevention of chronic diseases.9. Psychological health care service.10. Other health care service.Article 35 　 Health care services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical service institutions, nursing institutions, and related medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions, social entities that clearly stipulate social welfare or health care matters within their Articles of Organization.3. Schools.Article 36 　 Health care service providers shall combine with related service professional personnel to provide their services.Article 37 　 Health care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the service records.Section 2 Community-Base Medical ServicesArticle 38 　 Community-base medical services include the followings:1. Medical consultation, diagnosis, and referral service.2. Pharmaceutical service.3. Other community medical services.Article 39 　 Community-base medical services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical service institutions, nursing institutions, and related medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.Article 40 　 Community-base medical service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment, and shall combine with professional medical staffs to provide services.Article 41 　 Community-base medical service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the medical records and case history records.Section 3 Community-Base Rehabilitation ServicesArticle 42 　 Community-base rehabilitation services include the followings:1. Community-base physical therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Physical Therapist Act.(2) Physical therapy with pains, education and consultation of caregivers and service recipients, trainings and instructions for individual or group functional activities, and healthy physical fitness.2. Community-base occupational therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Occupational Therapist Act.(2) Facilitation and trainings of functions of daily activities and participation of community life, facilitation and trainings of arrangement abilities of daily activities, planning and leading of therapy group activities, education and consultation of caregivers and community public.Article 43 　 Community-base rehabilitation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Rehabilitation related medical institutions, medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.Article 44 　 Community-base rehabilitation service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment, and the operation supervisors of the community-base rehabilitation services shall possess medical or social worker professional qualifications.Article 45 　 The professional personnel of community-base rehabilitation services shall possess physical therapist (assistant) or occupational therapist (assistant) qualifications.Physical therapists (assistants) or occupational therapists (assistants) shall practice according to the diagnosis, notes, or advice issued by a physician.Article 46 　 Community-base rehabilitation service provides shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the medical records and case history records.Section 4 Aids ServicesArticle 47 　 Aids services include the followings:1. Evaluation of the needs of aids and providing individual service.2. Examination and assessment of aids after purchase.3. Professional instruction or training service of use of aids.4. Consultation service of aids.5. Repair service of aids.6. Recycle service of aids.7. Rental service of aids.8. Education and promotion service of aids.9. Exhibition service of aids.Article 48 　 Aids services are provided by the following institutions:1. Rehabilitation related medical institutions, medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical entities.2. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.3. Colleges and universities with related departments or research centers.4. Retail and wholesale enterprises of medical equipment.Article 49 　 Aids service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment.The services under Subparagraph 1 to Subparagraph 3 of Article 47 shall be provided by physical therapists or occupational therapists.The aids service providers shall combine with professional medical staffs to provide services if necessary for their business.Article 50 　 Aids service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the assessment and service records.3. Maintaining the safety and cleaning of the aids if the providers provide aids recycle or rental services.Section 5 Psychological Consultation ServicesArticle 51 　 Psychological consultation services include the followings:1. Promotion and education of psychological health.2. Individual consultation.3. Group consultation.4. Family consultation.5. Prevention of senior citizens’ suicide.Article 52 　 Psychological consultation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Psychological consultation institutions, psychological therapy institutions and psychological related professional entities.2. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.3. Social welfare institutions and social welfare entities.4. Firms of licensed social workers.Article 53 　 Services provided by the psychological consultation service providers shall provided by psychologists, physicians, or related professional personnel if involved with the practice of psychologists.Article 54 　 Psychological consultation service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Providing written, phone, and interview consultation channels.3. Making the case history records.Section 6 Community-Base Day-Care ServicesArticle 55 　 Community-base day-care services include the followings:1. Life care.2. Life independent trainings.3. Health facilitation.4. Cultural and entertaining recreation activities.5. Providing or connecting to transportation services.6. Education and consultation service for household members.7. Nursing service.8. Rehabilitation service.9. Meal preparation service.Article 56 　 Community-base day-care services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, community development associations, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Firms of licensed social workers.Article 57 　 Community-base day-care service providers shall place the following staff members according to the regulations:1. At least one paramedic or social worker.2. Caregiver:(1) Day-care service to disabled senior citizens: a caregiver shall be placed for every ten senior citizens.Fewer than ten senior citizens shall be also counted as ten as well. (2) Day-care service to senior citizens with dementia: a caregiver shall be placed for every six senior citizens.Fewer than six senior citizens shall be also counted as six as well.(3) Day-care service to both disabled senior citizens and senior citizens with dementia: a caregiver shall be placed for every eight senior citizens.Fewer than eight senior citizens shall be also counted as eight as well.Service under Subparagraph 7 of Article 55 shall be provided by full-time or contract nursing personnel.Service under Subparagraph 8 of Article 55 shall be provided by full-time or contract physical therapists (assistants) or occupational therapists (assistants).Article 58 　 Facilities and equipment of community-base day-care service providers shall comply with the following regulations:1. The design, structure, and facilities of the building shall comply with Building Code and relevant laws and regulations.2. The space of room floor for each person shall be at least 6.6 square meters, and shall have the following spaces:(1) Multi-functional activity room.(2) Accessible toilet and bathroom.(3) Dining room.(4) Facilities or bedrooms for lunch break; such room shall not be located in the basement.(5) Simple kitchen.3. Placing appropriate and independent spaces and individual services for senior citizens with dementia if necessary.4. Facilities and equipment of the institution that provides day-care service shall comply with the relevant regulations for such institution.Article 59 　 The service recipients for the community-base day-care service shall be principally less than 30 people during the same service time daily.Community-base day-care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the case history records.Section 7 Community-Base Food ServicesArticle 60 　 Community-base food services include the followings:1. A fixed spot for food service in the community.2. Providing individual food pursuant to the needs of the service recipients.Article 61 　 Community-base food services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, community development associations, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Restaurants and other food and beverage enterprises.Article 62 　 Community-base food service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment complied with hygienic requirements, and combine with a dietitian to provide services, if necessary.Article 63 　 Community-base food service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the service records.3. Providing hygienic, safe, and nutrition-balanced food and beverage.Section 8 Family Support ServicesArticle 64 　 Family support services under Subparagraph 8 of Article 18 of “the Act” refer to that a caregiver provides body care, daily life care and safety care to disabled senior citizens in the dwelling, and assists senior citizens to join community activities according to disabled senior citizens’ interests and ability. Family support services include the followings:1. Body care services: including assistance to use of toilet, bath, clothes change, oral cleaning, dining, taking medication, turning the body over, padding the back, simple passive motions for limb joints, going to bed and getting off from bed, accompanying with exercises, assistance to use of daily life assistive equipment, and other services.2. Housekeeping services: including laundry and patching of clothes, documentation service, meal preparation service, accompanying to purchase or purchasing daily necessities, accompanying to seek medical service or contacting medical care institutions, cultural and entertaining recreation, and assistance in joining community activities.3. Safety cares: paying attention to abnormal situations, emergently notifying medical care institutions, assisting in the crisis or accidents, or other services.Article 65 　 Family support services are provided by the followings institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, and care service labor cooperatives.4. Firms of licensed social workers.The service providers under the previous paragraph shall recruit and select qualified caregivers pursuant to Article 67, and report to local competent authority for review and guidelines of their services.Article 66 　 Family support service providers shall place service supervisors, and may place full-time or contract administrative personnel, physicians, nursing personnel, social workers, or other staff members according to their operation needs.Article 67 　 Caregivers of family support service and their dwellings shall comply with the following regulations:1. Shall possess caregiver qualification, and more than 1,000 hours experience in directly serving disabled people.2. Placing a substitute caregiver who possesses caregiver qualification.3. Qualifying in health checkup.4. Facilities and equipment of the dwelling:(1) The space of room floor for each care recipient shall be at least 8 square meters.Private family spaces are not included.(2) The net widths of the entrance and door shall be at least 80 centimeters.(3) Installing anti-slippery measures and handrails in the toilets and bathrooms, and protecting individual privacy.(4) Placing facilities or bedrooms for lunch break; such room shall not be located in the basement, and individual privacy shall be protected.(5) Well-ventilated and sufficient lights of the building.(6) Providing a non-expired basic First-Aid set.Article 68 　 The service provided by the caregivers of family support service shall comply with the followings:1. Service recipients, including the caregiver’s disabled household members, shall be less than four.Except for disabled household members, daily service hours shall not exceed 12 hours, and shall not provide overnight stay service.2. The caregiver shall conduct a health checkup regularly every year during his service period.3. Following the supervision of family support service providers.4. Making the service records and updating regularly.Article 69 　 Family support service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the case history records.Section 9 Education ServicesArticle 70 　 Education services include the followings:1. Education of learning between generations.2. Education before retirement.3. Education of psychological health.4. Education of life care.5. Education of prevention and health care.6. Education of religious life.7. Other education services.Article 71 　 Education services are provided by the following institutions:1. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.2. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, community development associations, and care service labor cooperatives.3. Social education institutions.4. Community colleges.5. Schools.6. Mass communication enterprises.Article 72 　 Education service providers shall combine with persons who possess expertise or practical experience to provide their services.Article 73 　 Education service providers shall handle the following matters:1. The design of courses shall be creative and diverse.2. Considering various linguistic needs of senior citizens when making and broadcasting broadcast or television programs related to senior citizens.3. Considering a text font size appropriate for senior citizens when printing publications related to senior citizens.4. Avoiding inappropriate profits when promoting education or cooperating with enterprises.5. Providing diverse service channels and enhancing trainings of teachers.Section 10 Legal ServicesArticle 74 　 Legal services include the followings:1. Legal consultation of senior citizens’ rights.2. Legal service of senior citizens’ protection.3. Referrals of legal aids recourses.4. Promotion of legal common knowledge.Article 75 　 Legal services are provided by the following institutions:1. Welfare institutions for senior citizens.2. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, and social entities.3. Legal related entities.4. Law departments of colleges and universities.5. Law firms.Article 76 　 Legal service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Considering both legitimate rights of the party and public interests.2. Providing services based on honesty, fairness, rationality, and ethics.Section 11 Transportation ServicesArticle 77 　 Providing transportation services to disabled senior citizens during the use of the following services:1. Medical service.2. Community health care service.3. Community medical service.4. Community rehabilitation service.5. Aids service.6. Day-care service.7. Family support service.8. Other community-base services.Article 78 　 Transportation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, and social entities.4. Public bus transportation enterprises, municipal bus transportation enterprises, taxi enterprises, tour bus enterprises, and car rental enterprises.Article 79 　 Transportation service providers shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment, and place general supervision and management personnel for their service operation.Article 80 　 Drivers providing transportation services shall possess occupational driver licenses, and shall be physically and mentally healthy.Article 81 　 Transportation service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Providing relevant information of transportation for selector’s reference.2. Based on fair and open principle to accept reservations for car rental.3. Establishing service monitoring and examination mechanism.4. Enlisting records for delivery of cars.5. Establishing recruiting and management mechanism of drivers.6. Charging fees pursuant to the fee schedule set by the municipal and county (city) competent authorities; should not charge any additional fees based on any alternative items from service recipients.7. Car model and age should follow the regulations, and conducting maintenance, repairs, and cleaning of cars regularly.8. Joining compulsory automobile liability insurance.Section 12 Retirement Preparation ServicesArticle 82 　 Retirement preparation services include the followings:1. Financial planning.2. Life planning after retirement.3. Improvement of health.4. Mental adjustment before and after retirement.5. Arrangement of recreation activities.6. Arrangement of dwelling.7. Participation of society.Article 83 　 Retirement preparation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Medical care institutions, nursing institutions, and medical treatment legal persons.2. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.3. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, and social entities.4. Employers before retirement.5. Community colleges.6. Social education institutions.7. Schools.Article 84 　 Retirement preparation service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Providing sufficient information related to retirement preparation.2. Providing creative and diverse selections of service.Section 13 Recreation ServicesArticle 85 　 Recreation services include the followings:1. Providing recreation information and consultation.2. Holding recreation activities.3. Providing recreation spaces.4. Providing recreation facilities.Article 86 　 Recreation services are provided by the following institutions:1. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.2. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social welfare entities, community development associations, and care service labor cooperatives.3. Tourism enterprises.Article 87 　 Recreation service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Respecting senior citizens’ desires of voluntarily participation.2. Considering senior citizens’ physical and mental abilities and recognition to provide the service.3. Providing accessible facilities and broad activity spaces; paying attention to senior citizens’ safety.4. Recreation facilities shall bear usage and safety instructions.5. Combing professional manpower to provide diverse selections of recreation activities to senior citizens.6. Promoting recognition of senior citizens’ recreation, enhancing self-consciousness of recreation, and establishing correct attitudes of recreation.Section 14 Information Supply and Referral ServicesArticle 88 　 Information supply and referral services include the followings:1. Providing relevant information about social welfare.2. Linking to relevant service according to the individual needs of service recipients.Article 89 　 Information supply and referral services are provided by the following institutions:1. Welfare institutions for senior citizens and welfare institutions for physically and mentally disabled citizens.2. Incorporated charitable associations, foundations, social entities, and care service labor cooperatives.3. Firms of licensed social workers.Article 90 　 Information supply and referral service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Updating information related to community resources for reference from time to time.2. Understanding the service items and rules of service providers within the community so as to provide referral service for reference.3. Making the consultation or referral records.Chapter 4 Institution-Base ServicesSection 1 Residence ServicesArticle 91 　 Residence services include the followings:1. Providing a tidy, hygienic, light-sufficient, and well-ventilated residence space.2. Providing bedding, blanket, personal storage box, toilet and bathroom, water and electricity equipment, and other necessities.3. Providing housekeeping service for the residence.4. Providing emergency call system, home safety service and management, and other safety protection service.Section 2 Institution-Base Medial ServicesArticle 92 　 Residence service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Scales, spaces of room floor, facilities, equipment and personnel shall comply with Establishment Standards for Senior Citizens’ Welfare Institutions.2. Establishing a procedure and a responding mechanism for emergency or safety matters.3. Considering the convenience of senior citizens’ use and operation on installation of space, equipment and tools.4. Emphasizing the maintenance of safety facilities in the residence, conducting necessary business of fire prevention pursuant to fire control protection plan regularly and safety checks and maintenance of water and electricity.5. Considering the family ambience and having residents to participate in furnishings and decoration.Article 93 　 Institution-base medical services include the followings:1. Evaluating residents’ physical and mental conditions, drafting individual care plans according to various needs, and evaluating and modifying the plans regularly.2. Providing direct and indirect care, and supervising caregivers to conduct the daily care plans.3. Assisting residents to go to hospital, and notifying or referring relevant medical services to residents according to their needs.4. Instructing residents to take medication correctly and conducing safety management on drugs.5. Assisting residents to participate senior citizens’ health checkups and vaccinations.6. Providing residents with information related to hygiene, health care, and development of healthy life.7. Assisting in management and monitoring of care quality.8. Establishing files for residents’ health conditions.9. Providing physician patrol medical service regularly.10. Other institution-base medical service.Article 94 　 Institution-base medical service providers shall equip with necessary facilities, equipment, and relevant medical staffs pursuant to regulations under Establishment Standards for Senior Citizens’ Welfare Institutions.Article 95 　 Institution-base medical service provides shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the case history records.Section 3 Institution-base Rehabilitation ServicesArticle 96 　 Institution-base rehabilitation services include the followings:1. Institution-base physical therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Physical Therapist Act.(2) Physical therapy with pains, assistive physical therapy with chronic wounds, education and consultation of caregivers and residents, and trainings and instructions for individual or group functional activities.2. Institution-base occupational therapy:(1) Affairs under Article 12 and Article 17 of Occupational Therapist Act.(2) Facilitation and trainings of functions of daily activities and participation of community life, facilitation and trainings of arrangement abilities of daily activities, assessment, consultation and applicable examination of environmental improvement, education and consultation of caregivers and residents.Article 97 　 Institution-base rehabilitation service providers shall place full-time or contract physical therapists (assistants) or occupational therapists (assistants), and may combine with medical care institutions, physical therapy institutions, or occupational therapy institutions to provide services; and shall equip with necessary facilities and equipment.Physical therapist (assistant) or occupational therapist (assistant) set forth in the previous paragraph shall practice according to the diagnosis, notes, or advice issued by a physician.Article 98 　 Institution-base rehabilitation service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the rehabilitation records of residents.Section 4 Life Care ServicesArticle 99 　 Life care services include the followings:1. Assisting in dining.2. Assisting in change of clothes, washing, and laundry of beddings and personal clothes.3. Assisting in body cleaning, turning the body over, padding the back, and simple passive motions for limb joints.4. Reminding of taking mediation, and cleaning of room and environment.5. Sending to hospital during illness and accompanying to hospital.6. Providing goods purchase, postage and fax service.7. Assisting and improving senior citizens’ self-care ability.8. Providing services for handling other necessary matters in daily life.Article 100　 Life care service providers shall equip with necessary facilities, equipment, and caregivers pursuant to regulations under Establishment Standards for Senior Citizens’ Welfare Institutions.Article 101　 Life care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Drafting an individual care plan according to individual’s needs.2. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.3. Making the residents’ service records.Section 5 Food ServicesArticle 102　 Food services include the followings:1. Providing screening and evaluation according to residents’ nutrient conditions and needs.2. Designing and providing individual food according to residents’ individual conditions and needs.3. Providing nutrient consultation and hygienic education about food.4. Providing nutrient, hygienic and various dishes.5. Providing aiding tools or assisting in dining for residents with poor eating ability.Article 103　 Food service providers shall equip with facilities and equipment complied with hygienic requirements, and may place a full-time or contract dietitian according to their operation needs.Article 104　 Food service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Food preparation personnel shall possess food technician licenses, and receive health checkups regularly every year.2. Conducting trainings of nutrient and hygienic education to food preparation personnel regularly.3. Keeping at least 100 grams of sample for each kind of food in each meal, and storing the sample within the refrigerator at a temperature of 7 degree Celsius for 48 hours.4. Irregularly conducting food satisfaction survey so as to provide a basis for improvement of food.5. Cleaning the dining hall and kitchen daily and sterilizing regularly so as to comply with hygienic principles.6. Installing food storage and freezers for keeping food in refrigeration at a temperature of 7 degrees Celsius or in freezer at a temperature of 18 degrees below zero Celsius.7. Conducting food preparation hygienic checks on working environment and personnel regularly, including the hygiene of working personnel, hygiene in preparation environment, food preparation process, and storage of food and tableware.Kitchen staff members have to conduct at least one self-check daily, and supervisors have to conduct at least one check weekly.Section 6 Emergency Care ServicesArticle 105　 Emergency care services include the followings:1. Inspection and necessary first aid measures before sending to hospital.2. Emergently contacting with medical institutions and household members.3. Transportation service for sending to hospital.4. Assisting in attending to hospital.Article 106　 Emergency care service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Establishing clear and accurate emergency procedure and emergent medical resource network.2. Making the service records, and completing the advices given by physicians.Section 7 Social Life ServicesArticle 107　 Social life services include the followings:1. Providing instructions of recreations and entertaining activities according to residents’ physical abilities and interests.2. Holding cultural and entertaining activities or group projects to enhance social interactions between residents.3. Assisting residents in actively participating community activities, to enhance interactions with community residents.Article 108　 Social life service providers shall handle the following matters:1. Providing diverse social activities, including physical and non-physical activities.2. Combing community resources and establishing relevant service network within the community.3. Making the group activity records.Section 8 Education Services for Household MembersArticle 109　 Education services for household members include the followings:1. Providing support services to senior citizens and their household members.2. Assisting household members in using social recourses.3. Holding workshops or socialized activities for residents’ household members regularly.4. Providing household members to participate in orientation during senior citizens’ move-in.Article 110　 Education service providers for household members shall conduct satisfaction survey regularly.Section 9 Institution-Base Day-Care ServicesArticle 111　 Institution-base day-care services include the followings:1. Life care.2. Life independent trainings.3. Health facilitation.4. Cultural and entertaining recreation activities.5. Providing or connecting transportation service.6. Education and consultation service for household members.7. Nursing service.8. Rehabilitation service.9. Meal preparation service.Article 112　 Senior Citizens’ Welfare Institutions with day-care facilities should comply with the following rules:1. Equipment shall comply with Establishment Standards for Senior Citizens’ Welfare Institutions.2. Institutions with individually utilized areas and planning for fixed compartments and independent areas shall be established.3. Full-time care workers and social workers or nursing personnel shall be set up.Article 113　 The service recipients for institution-based day-care services shall be principally less than 30 people during the same service time daily, and the service of which may not exceed business scale of institution.Institution-based day-care services providers shall undertake the following tasks:1. Setting the working contents and supervision procedures.2. Making the case records.Chapter 5 Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 114　 These regulations will be implemented starting from the promulgation date.
