Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 19 of the Physically and Mentally Disabled Citizens Protection Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The subsidization for the medical treatment and auxiliary appliances for the disabled shall be implemented in accordance with these Regulations unless otherwise prescribed by laws and regulations. Article 3
The subsidization for medical treatment referred to in these Regulations means the expenses of medical rehabilitation that are not covered in the scope of national health insurance.The payment items, methods, and standards of the above-mentioned medical rehabilitation shall be handled in accordance with the relevant provisions prescribed by the central and municipal competent authorities on the subsidization for medical expenses. Article 4
The auxiliary appliances referred to in these Regulations mean the appliances used to help the disabled to get over the physiological malfunction and promote their self-servicing abilities.The subsidization items for the auxiliary appliances referred to in the above paragraph, the maximum of subsidy, the minimum lifespan, and the qualification of the subsidization objects are as shown in the annexed table. Article 5
The persons who meet the following requirements may submit the related certificates to the competent authority at the location of their domiciles to apply for the subsidization for auxiliary appliances:1. The applicant holds a disability manual issued under the Act and meets the qualification of subsidization objects referred to in Paragraph 2 of the above article.2. The applicant has not gained another medical subsidy or payment of social insurance granted by the government under the claimed subsidization item. Article 6
The required documents and the formats of the documents for applying the subsidization for auxiliary appliance, procedure of examination and approval, and allocation of the fund as well as other related affairs shall be determined by the municipal and county (city) governments. Article 7
The municipal and county (city) governments shall compile budgets yearly to provide the funds required for the subsidization items under these Regulations. Article 8
Where a disabled person applies for or receives subsidy by means of cheat or other misconducts, the municipal or county (city) government shall provide no subsidy or stop the subsidization, and may replevy the funds already granted. Where criminal liability is involved, the case shall be transferred to the court for disposal. Article 9
These Regulations will take effect as of the date of promulgation.The articles amended on Oct.6, 1999 shall take effect since July 2, 1999. 
