Article 1
These regulations are stipulated pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 54 of the Protection of Children and Youths Welfare and Rights Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Children and youth in families at high risk referred to in these regulations mean that children and youth are found in families suspected of not appropriately taking care of them due to economic, nurturing, marriage and medical care problems . Article 3
When medical personnel, social workers, educators, childcare givers, preschool educators, policemen, judicial officials, immigration personnel, household registration officers, village (ward) officers, village (ward) heads, apartment superintendents and any personnel executing the children and youth welfare on duty learn information about children and youth in families at high risk, they shall fill out a report and submit it to competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government by following ways:1. Internet.2. Facsimile.3. Other technological telecommunications.The preceding reported contents shall specify reasons for reporting, basic data, contact methods and other relevant information of the children and youth, as well as their parents, guardians or main care givers.About Paragraph 1, clients’ privacy shall be protected unless there is a special law or regulation. Article 4
Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government knowing of or receiving the preceding reports shall make an initial assessment for qualified children and youth in families at high risk and pay a visit for further assessment within ten days, commencing with date of knowing of and receiving such reports before presenting a final assessment report in one month.Following items shall be included in the aforementioned report:1. The confirmation for reported causes.2. The assessments for problems diagnoses. 3. The establishment of service goals.4. The advice for service plans. Article 5
Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government assessing their preceding visit and deciding that children and youth are suspected of not appropriately being taken care of shall cooperate with social administration, police administration, educational authorities, household administration, health authorities, finance authorities, financial administration, labor administration, immigrant administration or other relevant authorities to provide integrated services.The preceding services are as follows:1. Social administration: Provide caring visits, economical subsidies, social assistance and other relevant life guidance services;2. Police administration: Provide maintenance of personal safety, prevention of law violation and association to seek missing persons;3. Educational authorities: Provide rights of studying at school and student guidance, as well as adoption-guidance services;4. Household administration: Provide identity data of each individual case and inquiry of household registration;5. Health authorities: Provide medical services, treatments for alcohol and drug addiction, and services for mental health care;6. Finance authorities: Provide taxation consulting services;7. Financial administration: Provide financial institutions with supervision of trust services for children and youth’s properties;8. Labor administration: Provide occupational training and employment guidance;9. Immigrant administration: Provide assistance to protect rights of visit, residency, registered permanent residence;10. Other authorities: Any other necessary services. Article 6
When competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government provide integrated services pursuant to the preceding provisions, management of individual cases, tracking, and confirmation of service conditions and progress shall be conducted, and individual cases shall be recorded accordingly. Article 7
Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government shall invite relevant authorities of providing services according to Article 5 and regularly convene business association report meetings for children and youth in families at high risk at least twice a year. Article 8
Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government shall cooperate with social administration, police administration, educational authorities, health authorities, judicial authorities, household administration, finance authorities, financial administration, labor administration, immigrant administration or other related authorities to conduct the promotion of the reporting and assistance for children and youth in families at high risk. Article 9
Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government subject to events prescribed in these regulations, if necessary, shall commission children and youth welfare institutes, groups or other appropriate professionals to conduct assessment, visits, individual case management and other services.Competent authorities of the municipal or county (city) government shall provide their commissioned children and youth welfare institutes, groups or other appropriate professionals with necessary assistance. Article 10
These regulations will be effective from the date of promulgation. 
