Article 1
The regulations are stipulated according to Article 5.3 of Domestic Violence Prevention Act. Article 2
The electronic data mentioned in the Regulations refer to the e-information provided by the following agencies: 1. Judicial Yuan: Verdicts of civil protection orders and the relevant, sentences of domestic violence cases and violation of protection orders. 2. Ministry of Justice: Indictments, nolle prosequi letters, deferred indictment letters and abatement of deferred indictment letters of domestic violence cases and violation of protection orders.3. Police departments: Reports of dealing with domestic violence case, letters of criminal case removal and record of enforcement of protection orders. 4. Municipal and county(city) competent authorities: Report of being informed of domestic violence case, case record of the victim and record of receiving relocation program of the offender. 5. Other informations of victim(s) or respondent(s) in a domestic violence case provided by agencies under the negotiation of central competent authority. The information providers listed in the preceding item must assign staff members to dealwith domestic violence electronic database relating issues. Article 3
The electronic data regulated in Article 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 of the Regulations will be transmitted to the database regularly by Judicial Yuan and Ministry of Justice. Within 7 days of receiving the electronic data regulated by Article 2.1.3 and 2.1.4 of the Regulations, police departments and municipal and county(city) competent authorities must build up the files based on the format of the database and transfer to the domestic violence electronic database. Article 4
Judges, prosecutors, police officers and municipal and county(city) competent authorities staff members who are dealing with domestic violence prevention cases will be able to access to the electronic database via Internet. The central competent authority will be responsible for the establishment of domestic violence electronic database and the configuration of access limit, and the management of identity and password of municipal and county(city) competent authorities staff members. Judicial Yuan, Ministry of Justice and National Police Agency, Ministry of the Interior will be responsible for the management of the identity and password of the judges, prosecutors and the police officers. Article 5
Other than people listed in the preceding article, doctors, nursing staffs, psychologists, social workers and civil servants from governments who need to use domestic violence electronic database, shall state the reasons, information requested, contents and purpose in written form and submit to the regulation agency.However, facsimile may be applied in case of emergency. The submission in the preceding item shall be sent to local municipal and county(city) competent authorities. If two or more authorities may be involved, the application will be sent to the central competent authority. Article 6
The central competent authority must prepare computer softwareand hardware to manage and keep domestic violence electronic information.　　　　　Providers of the electronic information mentioned in Article 2.1.1 to 2.1.4 of the Regulations must have their own computer sets in order to establish, transmit and inquire domestic violence informations. Article 7
Shall the information be provided or inquired via internet, central competent authority and other agencies must augment thedata encryption during the transmission, user identification and firewall to ensure the safety of the database. Article 8
The domestic violence electronic database obtained through works or business shall be kept in secret, unless otherwise specified by the Laws. Domestic violence electronic database must be dealt with and used under confidential method. Any violation of the confidential regulation will be indicted by the Laws. Article 9
The regulations shall come into force on and from the date of announcement. 
