Article 1
This regulation is enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 43 and Paragraph 2, Article 44 of the Employment Service Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The “foreign technicians” mentioned in this Regulation refers to the foreigners employed by the construction industry according to Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 43 of the Act to provide construction and civil engineering technologies. Article 3
The competent authority of this Regulation is the Ministry of the Interior. Article 4
The foreign technicians employed shall have any of the following qualifications:1. Doctor graduated from related departments or institutes of universities.2. Master graduated from related departments or institutes of colleges or higher schools, and having worked in similar technical position for over 1 year.3. Graduated from related departments and subjects of colleges, and having worked in similar technical position for over 2 years.4. Graduated from related specialities of senior vocational schools, and having worked in similar technical position for over 5 years.5. Once having accepted professional training or having special skills and holding certificates, and having worked in similar positions for over 5 years. Article 5
To employ a foreign technician, the construction enterprise shall submit the following documents to the competent authority for application:1. Letter of application.2. Photostat copy of construction industry registration certificate.3. Four copies of questionnaire for applying for employment of foreign technicians.4. A copy of employment contract, including the following contents:(1) Name and address of the construction enterprise.(2) Name, birthday, nationality, passport number, and overseas dwelling address of the foreign technician employed.(3) Work and position taken by the foreign technician employed.(4) Monthly or daily salary income.(5) Commencing and terminating dates of the employment term.5. A photostat copy of education and experience certificates, and identity certificate or passport of the foreign technician employed.6. Photostat copy of the engineering contract introducing foreign technician. Public works, except environmental protection works that do not use civil engineering as the major contracting works, must be directly contracted. For private construction works, construction license shall be enclosed.Among the documents listed in the fifth subparagraph, domestic experiences shall be enclosed with photostat copy of the certificates about the work in R.O.C through years and payment of tax, while the overseas education or experiences in regions other than southeast Asia and other regions and countries designated by the competent authority do not need verification by the local embassy or consulate, representative office, agency, or organ authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.After the employment application is approved, the competent authority shall immediately transfer the case to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for granting visa, and inform the applicant construction enterprise, related departments and the foreigner employed. Article 6
The foreign technicians employed in the construction industry shall be physically and mentally healthy. During the employment term, the employer shall pay attention to the foreigners’ health from time to time. Where a foreign technician gets phthisis, syphilis, hepatitis B, impaludism, amoebic dysentery, leprosy, serious mental disease, or positive status in HIV antibody, morphine or amphetamine test, or other disease likely to impact the domestic epidemic prevention, he or she shall be sent back to his/her country immediately. Upon finding the above-mentioned cases, the medical institutions shall immediately inform the local regulating department in charge of sanitary affairs, for the department to report to the Ministry of the Interior and the Council of Labor Affairs, Executive Yuan to cooperate with the local police for disposal. Article 7
(Deleted) Article 8
(Deleted) Article 9
(Deleted) Article 10
After entering R.O.C with a residence visa, the foreign technician employed with permission shall apply for alien residence certificate at the police bureau at the location of residence within 15 days. Article 11
The term of work permit for foreign technicians employed by a construction enterprise is up to 3 years. Where it is necessary to continue employment, the construction enterprise shall submit the following documents within 30 days before expiration of the term to the competent authority to apply for extension of up to 1 year:1. Letter of application.2. Four copies of questionnaire for applying for employment of foreign technicians.3. A copy of employment contract including the contents listed in Subparagraph 4, Paragraph 1, Article 5.4. Original official document approving employment.5. Certificates on tax payment during working in R.O.C.6. Photostat copy of the engineering contract introducing foreign technician. Public works, except environmental protection works that do not use civil engineering as the major contracting works, must be directly contracted. For private construction works, construction license shall be enclosed.After the extension of the term is approved, the foreign technician shall go to the police at the location of residence to finish the procedure for extended residence. Article 12
Where a foreign technician employed in the construction industry is refused to visa, prohibited from entrance or compelled to leave country by related departments, the competent authority shall cancel the employment permit. Article 13
Where a foreign technician employed in the construction industry needs to turn over to another employer during the effective term of the employment permit, the new employer shall submit the following documents to the competent authority, and cooperate with the original employer to submit application:1. Letter of application.2. Photostat copy of construction enterprise registration certificate.3. A copy of employment contract including the contents listed in Subparagraph 4, Paragraph 1, Article 5.4. Original official document approving employment.5. Dimission certificate produced by the original employer.6. Certificates on tax payment during working in R.O.C.7. Photostat copy of the engineering contract introducing foreign technician. Public works, except environmental protection works that do not use civil engineering as the major contracting works, must be directly contracted. For private construction works, construction license shall be enclosed. Article 14
The notice given by a construction enterprise under Article 52 of the Act shall include the name, sex, age, nationality, date of entrance, working term, photo, and serial number of alien residence certificate of the foreign technician.Upon receipt of the above-mentioned notice, the police departments shall immediately check whether the foreign technician has leaved the country. If not, the case shall be reported to the National Police Agency, Ministry of the Interior to strengthen reconnaissance. Article 15
(Deleted) Article 16
This Regulation will take effect since it is promulgated. 
