Article 1
These regulations are duly enacted in accordance with Article 13, Paragraph 3 of the Professional Engineers Act(hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The term“building structure & equipment related professional engineering”as set forth herein is the scope as defined by the Building Act. Article 3
The term“professional engineer” as set forth herein denotes the professional engineers having duly obtained the professional engineer license under Article 8, Paragraph 1 of the Act, and engaged in architectural structure & equipment related professional engineering in the manner practicing as set forth in Article 7, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1 or 2 of the Act. Article 4
A professional engineer shall duly apply to the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs with the following documents and obtain permission there from, with public announcement, before rendering certification of architectural structure & equipment related professional engineering (hereinafter referred to as the certification):1.Application form: Bearing the name of business entity where the professional engineer practices; names, educational & professional backgrounds of the professional engineer’s assistants.2.The professional engineer’s signature and specimen seal card, professional practice seal specimen.3.Professional engineer license, the original and one photocopy thereof.4.Professional engineer association membership certificate, the original and one photocopy thereof.The aforementioned permission is valid for three years.　The professional engineer may apply to the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs for permission anew two months prior to expiry.Where any permitted particular changes, the professional engineer shall declare to the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs within fifteen days from the change.　The changed particulars shall be announced by the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs to public. Article 5
A professional engineer may render the certification only for the items as designated by the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs. Article 6
(Deleted) Article 7
Professional engineers are obliged for non-disclosure responsibilities and custody of the worksheets. The professional engineers shall not leak any contents thereof except the cases when required by the authority concerned according to laws and regulations, or borrowed by the clients (consignors).The professional engineers shall further keep such papers onto file for a minimum of five years from the date on which the certification report is submitted. Article 8
Professional engineers shall declare the records for the certification services rendered to the local competent authority in charge of architectural affairs every three months.The competent authority in charge of architectural affairs of various levels have access to the professional engineers’ certification records or look into documents and worksheets of the certification facts whenever feeling in question.　The professional engineers shall not shirk, reject or hinder such requests. Article 9
The Certification reports, all drawings and documents produced by professional engineers in practice shall be signed personally by the professional engineers and be further affixed with their practice seal, and the Certification reports shall expressly bear the file number of the permission issued by the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs. Article 10
For architectural structure & equipment related professional engineering carried out under these regulations, the professional engineer shall affix audit seal for the parts of construction which must be inspected by the professional engineer.　The constructor shall further team up with the construction supervisor to declare on a periodical basis before continually going forward with the construction or declaring for completion inspection. Article 11
Professional engineers shall, while rendering the certification services, execute written contracts with the construction client and designer or construction supervisors. Article 12
Where a professional engineer breaches these regulations while rendering the certification services, in addition to the due punishment to be imposed pursuant to the Act, the central competent authority in charge of architectural affairs may abolishe his permission for the certification services and suspend his application for the certification permission for a period ranging from two months minimum to three years maximum, as actual requirements may justify. Article 13
These regulations take effect from the date of promulgation. 
