Article 1
These regulations are stipulated according to the Article 12, paragraph 3 of the “Senior Citizen’s Welfare Act (hereinafter referred to as “the act”). Article 2
Senior citizens taken care of by applicants of the Special Care Allowance For Mid or Low-income Senior Citizens (hereinafter referred to as “this allowance”) should possess the following qualifications:1. Recipient of Living Allowance For Mid or Low-income Senior Citizens;2. Not be a recipient of residential placement or any of the following services- institutional care funded by government, home care, or care personnel or others hired to care for senior citizens, nor receive government subsidies for day care services or other care services;3. severe disability as evaluated by institutions or personnel designated by municipal or county (city) requiring and receiving care by family members;4. Actually living in the location where the household is registered. Article 3
Applicant of this allowance should be qualified for the following:1. Appropriate applicant is at least 16 years old but not older than 65 years old, plus not qualified for the conditions stipulated in items of 1, 2, 3, 6,and 7 of 7 of Article 5-3 of the Public Assistance Act.2. Meet specific requirements as fallows;(1). Be a member of the family receiving this allowance which should be calculated as part of the family’s total income.(2). Married daughter, married son as an uxorilocal husband, or spouse;(3). Is within the second level of direct line blood relation relative of the care receiver.3. Does not work full time and in fact are direct care givers to the qualified recipient;4. Actually lives in the same municipality or county (city) of household registration with that of the care receiver. Article 4
Applicant of this allowance should file applications with the designated municipal or county (city) authority for household registration the following documents:1. Personal Identification copies of both the front and back of the care receiver(s) and caregivers.2. Proof of the care receiver’s severe disability as evaluated by activities of daily living function assessment.3. Other related necessary documents.Documents offering means of eligibility stipulated in item 2 above could be replaced by copies of the application forms of the standard manual, or manual of specific items, for physically or mentally disabled.Specific items of physically or mentally disabled applicants and standards of application as described in the previous paragraph are listed on the attached file. Attached file：Lists of Specific Mentally／Physically Challenged Items & Application Criterion.doc 
