Article 1
This Regulations is enacted pursuant to Article 24.2 of the Fire Act. Article 2
Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) referred to in this Regulations is defined as the personnel in the fire departments in municipal or county/city governments who provides emergency medical service. Article 3
The terms in this Regulations are defined as follows:1.Emergency Medical Service: refers to on-scene medical care for the sick or injured person, or patients in mass casualty incident, as well as en-route patient care2.Patient: refers to any of the following:(1) Anyone who is in urgent need of medical care due to disaster or contingency.(2) Anyone who falls down on the road due to injury or sickness.(3) Any pregnant woman who is ready for childbirth.(4) Other injured or medical conditions. Article 4
Upon receiving the request for emergency medical service or being informed of occurrence of emergency, the fire department of a municipal or county/city government shall confirm the accident scene, the number of patients, degree of severity, and then immediately dispatch the EMTs to provide on-scene medical care.The transportation of the above-mentioned patients is undertaken by the EMS system, and application processing and contacting hospitals is undertaken by the dispatch center.Patients or the interested persons need to apply to fire department transported for EMTs certificate.Forms of certificate mentioned above are formulated by the central authorities. Article 5
The patient shall be transported to the hospital that is designated to take charge of emergency medical treatment or another appropriate nearby medical organizations. Article 6
The patient or the family shall undertake the hospitalization procedure and undertake the medical expense himself/herself. If it is unable to find out the patient’s identity or the patient is found to be low-income earner, the medical expense shall be paid pursuant to the Social Assistance Law and other relevant prescriptions. Where it is unable to identify the patient, the EMTs shall fill in the emergency hospitalized form and send him/her to the responsible hospital or the appropriate nearby hospital at first; and after finding out his/her identity from the local police, the succeeding affairs shall be handled pursuant to the former proportion of this article. Article 7
During performing emergency medical care, if the patient or the family refuses to be transported, EMTs shall request the patient or the family to sign on the run report before leaving the scene. Article 8
When transporting the patient who is suspected to have infectious disease that is prescribed in law, the EMTs shall take universal precautions in order to avoid the EMTs and the ambulance from contaminant. In addition, the disinfection procedure shall be performed immediately after the call. The processing of the affair must be reported to the related departments level by level. When it is confirmed that the patient has an infectious disease that is prescribed in law, the hospital shall inform the fire department of the diagnosis for the department to take necessary measures. Article 9
When providing the emergency medical care to all patients, the EMTs shall follow the scope of practice and treatment protocols, which are developed by local Department of Health. Article 10
Fire departments shall train different level of EMTs to quality them to perform the emergency medical service tasks. They include: Basic EMT, Intermediate, and Paramedic. The training qualification, curriculums, hours, instructors, and certificate examination must be in accordance with the prescriptions of the Department of Health. Article 11
Fire departments shall hold continuous training programs for EMTs annually to enable the EMTs to maintain the skills and knowledge necessary for performing emergency medical service. Article 12
The EMTs shall wear uniform when performing emergency medical care. Article 13
Fire departments of municipal and county/city governments shall carry out disinfection or decontamination to the ambulances and equipment pursuant to the following prescriptions:(1) Periodic disinfection: once a month.(2) Disinfections after usage: every time after usage.(3) Decontamination: every time after transport the patient who is contaminated by chemical or radiant materials.Processing of the above-mentioned periodic disinfection must be recorded into the disinfection log sheet. Article 14
EMTs shall fill out the run report when ever providing the emergency medical service. Upon arriving the hospital, the EMTs shall have the physician or nurse to sing and confirm the run report. Article 15
Fire departments shall scheme the plan corresponding to the requirements of emergency medical service for special disaster, and carry out training or drill once each year according to the plan. Article 16
Fire departments of municipal or county/city governments shall make investigation to the following matters within the areas under their jurisdictions for better performing emergency medical service:(1) Terrain and traffic conditions.(2) Object that is likely to cause emergent accident, and its location and construction.(3) Location of medical facilities and other necessary matters.(4) Other matters deemed to be necessary by the fire regulating authorities. Article 17
In case of mass casualty incident, fire departments of municipal or county/city governments shall scheme the mutual aid plans. Article 18
Central Authorities shall collaborate with Department of Health to perform the EMS system annual quality evaluation and appraisal, in order to ensure the quality of care. Article 19
(Repealed) Article 20
This Regulations shall take effect on the date it is promulgated. 
