Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 6 of the Physically and Mentally Disabled Citizens Protection Act. Article 2
The professional workers providing welfare service for the disabled referred to in these Regulations mean the following persons:1. Trainer.2. Social Worker.3. Case manager.4. Life attendant.5. Assistant trainer.6. Assistant life attendant.7. Other related professional workers employed according to the Standard for Configuring Facilities and Personnel in the Welfare Service Institutions for the Disabled. Article 3
A trainer shall meet one of the following qualifications:1. Graduate from a department or speciality related to medical treatment and nursing, functional treatment, physical therapy, sociology, social work, tutorship, psychology, juvenile and children welfare, or housekeeping in a college or a higher school.2. Graduate from the department or speciality of nursing, functional treatment, physical therapy, or rehabilitation in a medical school.3. Graduate from a senior high (vocational) school, and having passed the cultivation or training held or entrusted by the competent authority. Article 4
A social worker shall meet one of the following qualifications:1. Hold a social woker certificate.2. Graduate from a department or speciality related to social work.3. Graduate from a college, having accepted the related professional training for 160 hours, and at least one year of relevant working experiences. Article 5
A case manager shall meet one of the following qualifications:1. Hold a social worker or functional physician certificate, or hold a certificate proving the holder has the qualifications of the qualified teachers of special education.2. Graduate from a department, speciality, or institute (section) related to social work, functional treatment, special education, psychological tutorship, or rehabilitation, and at least one year of related working experiences. Article 6
The life attendants shall be warm-hearted, patient, and responsible, and shall pass the cultivation or training held by the competent authority or a private institution entrusted by the competent authority for the life attendants. Article 7
The assistant trainers shall be assumed by those who graduate from a senior high (vocational) school or higher and have passed the practical training of 20 hours or longer held by the employer institutions. Article 8
The assistant life attendants shall be warm-hearted, patient, and responsible, and shall pass the practical training of 20 hours or longer held by the employer institutions. Article 9
The professional workers shall be cultivated by the schools. Besides, the competent authorities of individual levels may, according to the actual requirements, entrust the colleges to open extension education courses to cultivate the professional workers. Article 10
To enhance the professional knowledge and skills of the in-service workers in the welfare institutions for the disabled, the competent authorities shall provide or entrust the colleges, academic institutions, welfare institutions for the disabled, relevant professional institutions, and associations to provide the on-job training for the welfare workers.The above-mentioned on-job training includes basic training and advanced training. The former referrs to the training provided for the trainers and life attendants as referred to in Subparagraph 3 of Article 3 and Article 6. The latter shall be held by the competent authorities according to the actual working requirements of the in-service workers in the welfare institutions or associations for the disabled, and the administrative personnel in the government departments related to the affairs concerning the disabled. Article 11
The courses of the trainer class and life attendant class opened pursuant to the above two articles shall include common courses and professional courses on the welfare of the disabled as well as practice. The contents and implementation methods of the courses shall be prescribed by the central competent authority. Article 12
Those who have passed the cultivation or training held in accordance with these Regualtions will be granted a winding-up certificate, and the format of the certificate will be determined by the central competent authority. Article 13
The competent authorities shall compile budgets to provide the funds required for the on-job training. Article 14
These Regulations will take effect as of the date of promulgation. 
