Article 1
These Regulations are been pursuant to Paragraph 4, Article 11 of the Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Trade Zones (hereinafter referred to as FTZs). Article 2
Business enterprises in a Free Trade Zone (FTZ) to which these Regulations are applicable refer to those whose number of indigenous employees exceeds the quota that applies to members of the indigenous communities as stipulated in Paragraph 2 of Article 11 of the Act. However, for enterprises operating in the FTZ of an international airport, the relevant regulations shall prevail.Aforementioned members of indigenous communities refer to individuals who are recognized as such in accordance with the provisions of the Status Act for Indigenous Peoples. Article 3
Pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 11 of the Act, when calculating the number of employees with indigenous status, the decimal places are excluded.The aforementioned number of workers refers to the number of workers participating in Labor Insurance and actually working in the FTZ on a daily basis, as recorded on the first day of each month. Article 4
Each year from March 1 to March 30, businesses in the FTZ may apply to the Administrative Authorities of the FTZ (the “Authorities”) for the reward with the following documents from the previous year attached.1. Application form for the reward of employment of indigenous workers;2. List of names of indigenous workers relevant for the application;3. Proof of insurance coverage for workers actually working in the FTZ.The above documents shall be reviewed by the Authorities before being submitted to the central competent authority in charge of indigenous affairs by April 30 of each year for approval. Article 5
The following awards shall be presented to eligible recipients:1. Outstanding Award: Businesses that have employed an additional five or more workers from the indigenous communities each month in the previous year for a total of six or more months will be presented with a medal.2. Excellence Award: Businesses that have employed an additional three or more workers from the indigenous communities each month in the previous year for a total of six or more months will be presented with a certificate of merit. Article 6
Enterprises eligible for reward pursuant to these Regulations shall receive commendations from the central competent authority in charge of indigenous affairs. Article 7
These Regulations shall enter into force as of the date of promulgation. 
