Article 1
These standards are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 3 of the Nationality Act (hereinafter referred to as “this Act”). Article 2
The basic language abilities specified in Subparagraph 5 of Paragraph 1 of Article 3 of this Act refer to the abilities of talking and communicating with others in daily life and knowing relevant social information. Article 3
Persons meeting any one of the following conditions shall be recognized as having basic language abilities and general knowledge of the rights and duties of ROC citizens:1. Has proof that he/she has studied in a domestic public or private school for at least one year.2. Has proof that he/she has participated for a certain number of hours, as specified below, in an educational program offered by government agencies.3. Has proof that he/she has passed the test for basic language abilities and general understanding of the rights and duties of naturalized ROC citizens (hereinafter the “naturalization test”).With respect to proof of participation in an educational program offered by government agencies as specified in Subparagraph 2 above, the regulations are as follows:1. For applications made in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 3 of this Act: proof of at least 200 hours of class time is required.2. For applications made in accordance with Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1 of Article 4 of this Act, or by persons who, subsequent to divorce from an ROC national, have exercising responsibility of the right and obligation for the minor children: proof of at least 72 hours of class time is required.3. For applications made in accordance with Subparagraph 2 to Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 4, or Article 5 of this Act: proof of at least 100 hours of class time is required.4. For applications made in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 3, Paragraph 1 of Article 4, or Article 5 of this Act by persons aged 65 years or over: proof of at least 72 hours of class time is required.Programs offered by government agencies in accordance with Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 include those run directly by government agencies themselves, as well as those that are run on behalf of, or subsidized by, the government at various organizations or schools. Article 4
Persons with a valid Alien Resident Certificate or Alien Permanent Resident Certificate may apply at a naturalization testing center to take a naturalization test. Article 5
The contents of the naturalization test are to be limited to the naturalization test question base. However, the question order and option serial number shall be changed randomly.The aforesaid question base shall be made public by the Ministry of the Interior. Article 6
The naturalization test can be taken in either oral or written form. Test takers may choose one or the other in accordance with the following:1.The oral test: answers to the questions may be given in one of the following—Mandarin, Taiwanese Hokkien, Hakka, or an indigenous language.2.The written test: multiple choice questions are to be completed in Mandarin.Each test will be made up of 20 questions.For the oral test, the Ministry of the Interior shall coordinate with the Council for Hakka Affairs or the Council of Indigenous Peoples for assistance. Article 7
Each question on the naturalization test is worth 5 points, for a total of 100 points. Passing scores are as follows:1.Applications for naturalization in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 3 of this Act: 70 points or above.2.Applications for naturalization in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 4, or Article 5 of this Act, or by persons who, subsequent to divorce from an ROC national, have responsibility of exercising the right and obligation for the minor children: 60 points or above.3.Applications for naturalization in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 3, Paragraph 1 of Article 4, or Article 5 of this Act, or by those who, subsequent to divorce from an ROC national, have responsibility of exercising the right and obligation for the minor children, and are aged 65 years or over: 50 points or above. Article 8
Naturalization testing centers shall arrange the test time and place, either as a scheduled group-administered test or as a walk-in test.Where scheduled group-administered tests are to be held, applicants shall be notified in writing of the time and place within two weeks of their applications being received. Article 9
Naturalization testing centers shall approve and issue test reports.Applicants may apply at their naturalization testing center to have a damaged test report replaced or a lost test report reissued. Article 10
All applicants for the naturalization test shall pay a test fee of NT00 and provide the following documents:1. An Alien Resident Certificate or Alien Permanent Resident Certificate.2. The naturalization test notification, unless the test is of the walk-in type.3. A full-face color photo of the applicant taken within the past two years.Persons applying to have the naturalization test report replaced or reissued shall pay a fee of NT0 and provide the following documents:1. An Alien Resident Certificate or Alien Permanent Resident Certificate.2. The damaged test report, unless the application is to have a lost report reissued. Article 11
The Ministry of the Interior may entrust the special municipalities or counties (cities) to handle the naturalization tests. Article 12
These standards shall come into effect on April 14, 2014. 
