Article 1
The Act is enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2 of Article 2 of the Police Education Act. Article 2
Taiwan Police College (hereafter referred to as the College) was established in the Taiwan region and is subordinate to National Police Agency of the Ministry of the Interior which handles the police education according to provisions related to the Police Education Act; and shall accept guidelines from the Ministry of Education according to the Junior College Act. Article 3
The College shall be set the following divisions, offices, and library:1.Academic Affairs Division: takes charge of academic affairs.2.Student Affairs Division: takes charge of disciplines and graduates (personnel) guidance affairs.3.General Affairs Division: takes charge of general affair tasks.4.Secretariat: takes charge of matters related to meetings, legal affairs, research, documents, official seal, and archives.5.Forensics Laboratory: takes charge of all types of scientific experiment, research, and authentication related to police matters.6.Library: takes charge of library management matters.The above-mentioned divisions, offices, libraries may set sections to handle official business. Article 4
The College may set relevant sectors and classes if needed; and may set branch departments upon applying approvals from both the Ministry of the Interior and the Ministry of Education. Article 5
A President of the selected rank shall be set to preside over the College managing college matters; and Vice-President of the selected rank or recommended rank to assist the President in administrating the College under the direction of the President. Article 6
The College faculty members shall set 20 to 46 professors, associate professors, lecturers, and teaching assistants, and all being employed pursuant to the Act of Governing the Appointment of Educators. 40 to 94 instructors, among which 1 may be listed in the recommended rank or selected rank, 9 to 22 of which may be listed in the recommended rank, 13 to 31 of which may be listed in the delegated rank, recommended rank, or assistant delegated rank.The College shall set a director for each department, class, and division and all of them shall be assumed on a part-time basis by a professor, associate professor, or instructors who has the recommended rank or above. Article 7
The College staff shall set a Chief Secretary of the rank of the selected rank or recommended rank; 5 directors of the recommended rank, 3 of which may be listed at the rank of intermediate 8th to 9th grade; 1 secretary of the recommended rank; 2 editors of the rank of intermediate grade 7th to 8th ; 2 technicians of the rank of intermediate grade 7th to 8th ; 6 to 12 section chiefs of the delegated rank or recommended rank; 21 to 35 staff members of the delegated rank, among which 5 may be listed in the recommended rank, 2 of which may be listed in the rank of intermediate grade 6th to 7th, 4 to 8 of which may be listed in the rank of junior grade 4th to 5th; 3 to 5 technicians of the rank of junior grade 4th to 5th, 1 of which may be listed in the rank of intermediate grade 6th to 7th; 3 to 5 assistant technician of the rank of junior grade 3th to 5th; 12 to 16 senior clerks of the rank of junior grade 3th to 4th; and 16 to 20 on-the-job employees. Article 8
The College shall set a Clinic in charge of health care and medical care matters. It shall set 2 to 4 physicians of the rank of junior grade 5th or the rank of intermediate rank 6th to 8th, employees may be employed pursuant to the Employment Act whenever necessary, and 1 physician shall be assigned as the director; 1 to 2 pharmacist(s) or assistant pharmacist(s), 3 or 4 nurses; assistant pharmacist and the nurses may be listed in the rank of junior grade 3th to 5th; and pharmacists may be listed in the rank of intermediate grade 6th to 7th. Article 9
The College shall set a Personnel office and shall set 1 director of the rank of intermediate grade 8th to 9th to handle personnel management according to the law.Employed staff required by the Personnel offices shall be allocated within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 10
The College shall set an Accounting and Statistic Office and shall set 1 accounting director of the rank of the intermediate grade 8th to 9th to handle annual settlement and accounting affairs according to the law, and also understates statistic tasks.Employed staff required by the Accounting office shall be allocated within the personnel quota determined under this Act. Article 11
The College shall set a student corps to take charge in student military training and daily management matters. It shall set 1 director of the recommended rank; 1 deputy director and 2 battalion commanders all of them are of the recommended rank or delegated rank; 2 deputy battalion commanders, 8 to 20 captains, 8 to 20 deputy captains are all of the delegated rank or recommended rank; 24 to 60 lieutenants, 8 to 20 sergeants all of the delegated rank; and 8 to 20 clerks of the rank of the junior grade 3th to 4th. Article 12
The College shall set a Security Brigade and shall set 1 leader, 1 assistant leader, 10 to 12 team members, all of them are of the delegated rank. Article 13
The College shall set a Police Band including 1 leader, 1 assistant leader, 2 captains, all employed pursuant to the Employment Act; 28 to 42 team members are on-the-job employees. Article 14
For the position system of the personnel with officials and positional ranks prescribed in Articles 7 to 11, excluding the police officers, all shall obtain the employment qualification according to the Civil Service Employment Act, the professional specialty suitable to the professional duty shall be selected from the relevant professional specialty pursuant to Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act. Article 15
Various police academic research committees of the college may be set under the College according to the actual requirements, and the staff shall be allocated within the quota prescribed in this Act. Article 16
The operational regulations of the College shall be prepared by the College itself, and reported to the National Police Agency of the Ministry of the Interior for approval. Article 17
This Act Shall take effect on the date of promulgation. 
