Article 1
These Articles have been enacted pursuant to Article 5-1, Organization Act of the Ministry of the Interior(MOI). Article 2
Pursuant to the order given by the Minister of the Interior(MOI).　National Fire Agency plans and carries out affairs of national fire prevention agency, disaster prevention and rescue; and is authorized to command and supervise national fire institutes to perform fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue missions. Article 3
Functions of National Fire Agency (NFA)include:1. Formulation of fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue systems and establishment, down-size and merge of fire organization of each level, and planning and making proposals of manpower allocation and transfer;2. Planning, promotion, supervision and performance evaluation of the fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue policies and duties;3. Draft, development, amendment, compilation, edit and propaganda of fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue regulations;4. Planning and supervision of fire prevention system, education and training, as well as promotion of academic studies of fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue;5. Education, training, supervision and performance evaluation of fire technical and management personnel;6. Planning and supervision of inspection and management of fire safety equipment; review, approval and inspection of equipment and apparatus;7. Planning and supervision of joint survey and joint examination of public hazardous substances and flammable pressurized gases safety management system and safety facilities; and study, development, amendment and interpretation of safety equipment criteria;8. Education and propaganda of fire prevention and disaster control for the general public, planning and supervision of disaster prevention and rescue public relationship and cooperation;9. Enactment and execution of disaster prevention and rescue operation plans;10. Response, supervision and coordination of disaster prevention and rescue system, and national emergency incident;11. Command, control, communication and supervision of rescue operation in typhoon, earthquake, major fire, explosion disasters;12. Support in emergency rescue in disasters of flooding, debris flow, toxic hazardous materials and any other major accidents;13. Planning and supervisions of organization, equipment, training and management of special search & rescue teams and training center;14. Planning and management of software and hardware facilities of central emergency operation center;15. Planning and establishment of disaster situation communication system;16. Planning of Pre-hospital Emergency Medical Service, research development, supervision and coordination of resources integration, training and education, and theories and job technique;17. Planning and supervision of fire investigation and identification; providing supports as required by disaster site survey and identification;18. Planning, supervision, performance evaluation and discipline of fire personnel operation monitor; workshop to develop supervisor staff;19. Planning, unified allocation, and management of fire engines, equipment uniforms and fire headquarters and procurement;20. Preparedness of disaster rescue resources; planning of fire water source expansion, utilization and maintenance;21. Organization, certification, training, management and utilization of voluntary fireman and civil salvation and rescue organizations; planning and supervision of insurance and welfare;22. Planning of fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue information and communication system; R&D of fire technology;23. Participating in international disaster rescue, search & rescue organization and major disaster support plans and coorporation exchanges;24. Other things and matters related to fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue. Article 4
There shall be seven up to nine departments and the emergency dispatch center for NFA to be respectively in charge of those functions listed in the preceding Article, and when required, each department may be further divided into divisions. Article 5
There shall be a Secretary Office to be in charge of legal system, PR, documentation, file control, operation of official seal, cashier, general agency, assets control; and the Secretary Office shall be independent from other departments, centers, and offices.　When required, sections may be derived from the Secretary Office. Article 6
There shall be a Director General, ranked at the thirteenth job grade of selected appointment to the NFA or police supervisor to be in charge of NFA affairs, command and supervise national fire institutes and personnel; and there shall be three deputy directors generals, each ranked at the twelfth job grade of selected appointment or a police supervisor to help the Director General handle the affairs of the NFA. Article 7
For NFA, there shall be a general secretary, seven up to nine directors, two directors(center) and one captain all ranked at the eleventh job grade of selected appointment or police supervisors; three deputy captains, one office director, seven up to nine senior specialists all ranked at the ninth to the tenth job grade of recommendation appointment or police officials up to police supervisors; thirty-two up to thirty-eight division chiefs all ranked at the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment, or police officials; sixteen up to eighteen secretaries and twenty up to twenty-two inspectors all ranked at the eighth up to the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment or police officials, wherein, six secretaries and seven inspectors may be ranked at the tenth job grade of selected appointment or police supervisors; seven engineers ranked at the eighth up to the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment, wherein, two senior engineers may be ranked at the tenth job grade of selected appointment; forty-three up to forty-five specialists all ranked at the job grade of the seventh up to the eighth recommendation appointment or police official; sixty-eight up to seventy-two section assistants all ranked at the fifth job grade of commission appointment or the sixth up to the seventh job grade of recommendation appointment or from sergeants or police officials; six section leaders from sergeants or police officials; twenty one technicians all ranked at the fifth job grade of commission appointment or the sixth up to the seventh job grade of recommendation appointment; twelve detachment leaders from sergeants or police officials; seven assistant technicians ranked at the fourth up to the fifth job grade of commission appointment, wherein, three may be ranked at the sixth job grade of recommendation appointment; fifty-four team members from sergeants, wherein, twenty-seven may be ranked from police officials; eleven senior clerk ranked at the third up to the fifth job grade of commission appointment; and four clerks ranked at the first up to the third job grade of commission appointment. Article 8
There shall be a personnel office for NFA to be chaired by one director ranked at the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment up to the tenth job grade of selected appointment to be duly in charge of personnel management; and additional work personnel may be assigned within the quota specified by these Articles. Article 9
There shall be an accounting office for NFA to be chaired by one director, accounting office ranked at the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment up to the tenth job grade of selected appointment to duly perform transactions of annual budget, accounting and statistics; and additional work personnel may be assigned within the quota specified by these Articles. Article 10
There shall be a government ethics office for NFA to be chaired by a director ranked at the ninth job grade of recommendation appointment up to the tenth job grade of selected appointment to duly perform relevant affairs about government ethics; and additional work personnel may be assigned within the quota specified by these Articles. Article 11
When required by the operation, the National Fire Agency may establish the fire science graduate school, fire academy, port fire brigades, science park fire brigades, and/or export processing zone fire brigades as permitted by the act. Article 12
In order to rescue and respond immediately after a major disaster, the NFA is obliged to establish special search & rescue team and a training center with the work personnel to be assigned within the quota specified by these Articles. Article 13
Pursuant to Article 8 of Public Service Appointment Procedure, with the exception of police officials, any and all personnel specified with particular job ranks or official ranks in Articles 6 through 10 shall be selected from related job systems. Article 14
In the management of fire agencies of each level, any one ranked as a police official, related requirements set forth in Police Personnel Management Act shall become applicable. Additional to the mandatory appointment qualification, any one selected and appointed by fire departments from each level shall possess the expertise required by the job function he or she prepares to perform; and the selection standards shall be specified by the Ministry of the Interior (MOI). Article 15
The NFA when required by its operation may create committees and the work personnel required may be assigned full-time or part-time within the mandatory quota specified by these Articles. Article 16
The NFA for performing its functions of fire prevention and disaster prevention and rescue may release orders to fire departments of any level.In case of a major hazard, the NFA may forthwith requisition persons, vehicles, equipment, and apparatus to support dealing with the disaster from fire departments of any level. Article 17
Regulations of the NFA shall be enacted by the NFA to seek approval from the Ministry of the Interior(MOI). Article 18
The NFA Organization Act shall become effective on and after the date they are promulgated.The enforcement date of the amendment of the NFA Organization Act shall be specified in an order from Executive Yuan. 
