Article 1
These Regulations are enacted according to Article 12 of “The Equalization of Land Rights Act”. Article 2
The term “ general compilation of landowners ’ properties ” referred to in the Regulations shall denote the compilation of all cadastral data of the same landowners, the holders of other rights and the administrators indicated in all land registers and construction improvement registers of the area where “ The Equalization of Land Rights Act ” is implemented.The same landowners, the holders of other rights and the administrators shall be identified according to the following ways:1. For natural persons: by the same names and ID card numbers or the numbers as provided by Paragraph two of Article five.2. For legal persons or organizations without legal person status: by the same names and universally compiled numbers or the numbers as provided by Paragraph two of Article five. Article 3
The cadastral data indicated in Paragraph one of the preceding Article shall include the following materials:1. Data about registration: refers to data indicated in land registers and construction improvement registers, including data in description section, ownership section and other rights section.2. Data about land value: refers to declared land value, publicly announced land value, publicly announced current land value and publicly announced dates.3. Data about landowners, holders of other rights and administrators: refers to categories of obligees, names or titles, ID card numbers or universally compiled numbers, Dates of birth, Addresses; the names or titles, ID card numbers or universally compiled numbers and Addresses of the administrators if there are any. Article 4
If the compilation of landowners ’ properties shall be dealt with by using computers, the procedure shall be as follows:1. To sort cadastral data.2. To check the names or titles, ID card numbers or universally compiled numbers of landowners, holders of other rights and administrators.3. To register related cadastral data.4. To set up cadastral database.5. To update and transmit cadastral data.6. To compile general registers of landowners. Article 5
When dealing with the compilation of general registers of landowners, the registry of Municipality or County (City) (the registry in short hereafter) shall thoroughly examine the names or titles, ID card numbers or universally compiled numbers of landowners, holders of other rights and administrators of all lands and constructional improvements in its jurisdictions.For those landowners, holders of other rights or administrators who have no ID card numbers or universally compiled numbers, the registry shall compile the numbers according to the way provided by the competent authorities of the Central Government. Article 6
After cadastral data has been registered into electronic data by the registry, it shall be sent to the competent authorities of Municipality or County (City) for sorting before being forwarded to the competent authorities of the Central Government to set up the cadastral database. Article 7
Whenever there is any change to cadastral data, the registry shall send the changed data to the competent authorities of Municipality or County (City) sorting the database before transmitting to the competent authorities of the Central Government to update the cadastral database. Article 8
Landowners or holders of other rights or their heirs, or the administrators may apply for inquiring, viewing or copying of their data in general registers of landowners unless any one of the situations prescribed in the proviso of Article 10 of the Personal Information Protection Act.The scope to offer data referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be confined to the cadastral data of those landowners, holders of other rights or the administrators who have applied for the data in general registers of landowners, and the applicants may choose to apply for partial data according to their needs. Article 9
For the application of data in general registers of landowners, the applicants shall fill in application forms and submit to any registry affixed with the following documents:1. Identification evidences of applicants.2. Applicants who are heirs to landowners or holders of other rights shall submit documents of evidence concerning with inheritance qualifications.3. Documents requested by the competent authorities of the Central Government.When the application is filed by agents, the agents shall follow the rules in the preceding paragraph, and present a commission certificate or make a clear statement of commission in application form.The applicants or their agents shall personally present it and be identified by the registry. Article 9-1
The registry may provide cadastral information with the same name and address to landowners,holders of other rights,or the administrators, whose numbers are compiled by the registry according to Paragraph 2 of Article 5 upon application.The qualification of applicant and the scope of application data in the preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis to Article 8.The application procedure and required documents in Paragraph 1 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the provisions of the preceding article, besides additional documents of evidence with the original domicile shall be furnished to prove the nominee ’ s status. Article 10
Having accepted the application of the preceding article, the registry may approve the data in general registers of landowners if it is proved to be correct after examination. Article 11
The data of the compilation of landowners ’ properties should be used in accordance with the scope of its job functions provided by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the specific purpose of collection. However, the information may be used outside the scope upon the conditions in the proviso of Article 16 of the Personal Information Protection Act applied. Article 12
NT00 fee shall be paid for each application for data of compilation of landowners ’ properties, in addition to the following fees charged for viewing, printing and information:1. Viewing fees: NT0 for each lot (building) per 10 minutes, for those less than10 minutes would be deemed to be 10 minutes.2. Printing fees: NT0 per sheet.3. Information fees: NT per record.NT50 fee shall be paid for each application in accordance with Article 9-1 of the applicant. Article 13
The competent authorities of the Central Government shall set up Rules governing the operational procedures for compilation of landowners ’ properties. Article 14
These Regulations shall come into force on the day of its promulgation. 
