Article 1
This Act is formulated according to Act 10, Paragraph 1 in the Organic Law of Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan. Article 2
Maritime Patrol Directorate General of Coast Guard Administration, Executive Yuan (referred to as the Directorate General hereby) is responsible for the following:Paragraph 1 The inspections and prevention of coast/maritime crimes.Paragraph 2 Anti-smuggling actions at sea and areas outside a trading port.Paragraph 3 The enforcement of the following according to the Law:Subparagraph 1 The maintenance and control of traffic order at sea.Subparagraph 2 The investigation and handling of vessel collisions or other disputes at sea.Subparagraph 3 The search, rescue and emergent medication of crew and vessel at shipwreck.Subparagraph 4 The rescue measures in maritime disasters.Subparagraph 5 Patrols and protection of fishery and the maintenance/ protection of fishery resources.Subparagraph 6 The protection and maintenance of maritime environment.Subparagraph 7 Other enforcement measures according to the Law.Paragraph 4 The coordination, investigation and handling of incidents concerning foreign affairs or foreign nationals at sea.Paragraph 5 The arrangement, supervision and evaluation of patrol/ inspection duties and tasks at sea.Paragraph 6 The arrangement, designing, construction and maintenance of vessels and aircrafts.Paragraph 7 The planning, supervision and evaluation of discipline maintenance and investigations/punishments against discipline violations.Paragraph 8 The planning, enforcement and evaluation of trainings.Paragraph 9 Explanations of unclarity in various laws and regulations and arrangement/planning of paperback materials.Paragraph 10 Other planning and enforcements according to the Law. Article 3
The Directorate General has Patrol Division, Marine Division, Ship Management Division, Logistics Division, Investigation Brigade, Duty Command Center and Training Center responsible for the previously listed items and should enforce the tasks respectively. Article 4
The Directorate General has Secretariat Office to take charge of documentation, official seals, cashier, general affairs, public relations, research, services to the general public and other business areas that do not belong to other Divisions, Offices or Centers. Article 5
The Directorate General has one Minister, listed as Appointment Rank Grade 13 or equal to Commissioner General. The Minister should in general take responsibility for business in the Directorate General and direct, supervise the personnel in the unit. The Directorate General has two Vice Ministers, Appointment Rank Grade 12 or equal to Commissioner General. The Vice Ministers should support the Minister with business in the Directorate General. Article 6
The Directorate General has one Chief Secretary and four Division Managers, Appointment Rank Grade 11 or equal to Commissioner General. There should be four Directors, Appointment Rank Grade 10-11 or equal to Commissioner General. Among them is Manager for Secretariat Office, between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10, or equal to Commissioner General or Police Officer. There are four Vice Division Managers, Appointment Rank Grade 10 or equal to Commissioner General. There are three Specialization Commissioners, listed as betweenAssociateGrade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10 or equal to Commissioner General of Police Officer. There are three Inspectors and two Secretaries, listed as betweenAssociateGrade 8 and 9 or Police Officer. One of the Inspectors should be listed as between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment RankGrade 10, or equal to between Police Officer and Commissioner General. There should be three Senior Technical Specialists listed between Associate Grade 8 and 9. One of the Senior Technical Specialists should be listed as Appointment Rank Grade 10. There should be twenty-one Section Chiefs listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be twenty-four Senior Specialists, listed as between Associate Grade 7 and 8 or equal to Police Officer. There should be sixty-five Officers, listed as between AssistantGrade 5 and Associate Grade 6-7 or equal to Police Sergeants or Police Officers. There should be six Associate Technical Specialists, listed as between Assistant Grade 5 and Associate Grade 6-7. There should be seven Assistant Technical Specialists, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5 and three of the Assistant Technical Specialists should be listed as Associate Grade 6. There should be seven Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5. There should be four Associate Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 1-3. Article 7
The Directorate General has Personnel Section with one Section Director, listed as between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10 and processing personnel management according to the Law. The necessary staff and personnel should be designated according to the number of vacancies specified in the Act. Article 8
The Directorate General has Accounting Office, with one Director listed between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10, processing annual budgeting, accounting and statistics according to the Law. The necessary staff and personnel should be designated according to the number of vacancies specified in the Act. Article 9
To cope with the need of business, the Directorate General has Investigation Brigade and Fleet of Direct Access. They should process the tasks respectively.The Investigation Brigade has one Captain, listed as Appointment Rank Grade 10 or equal to Commissioner General. There is one Vice Captain, listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be three Division Directors, listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be two Senior Executive Officers, listed as Associate Grade 7-8 or equal to Police Officer. There should be sixty-nine Inspectors, listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be three Technicians, listed as AssistantGrade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7. There should be three Assistant Technicians, listed as AssistantGrade 4-5. One of the Assistant Technicians should be listed as Associate Grade 6. There should be one Clerk, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5.The Fleet of Direct Access has one Captain, listed as Appointment Rank Grade 10 or equal to Commissioner General. There should be one Vice Captain, listed as Associate Grade 9 or Police Officer. There should be eleven Division Captains, listed as AssistantGrade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7 or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be two Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7. There should be two Assistant Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5. One of the Assistant Technicians should be listed as Associate Grade 6. There should be seventeen Leaders, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5 or Associate Grade 6 or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be eighty-four Group Members, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5 or equal to Police Sergeant. Forty-two of the Group Members should be listed as Associate Grade 6 or equal to Police Officer. There should be two Clerks, listed asAssistant Grade 3-5. Article 10
Depending on the needs of the duties, The Directorate General should establish ten Category-A maritime patrol teams, six Category-B maritime patrol teams and 2-4 mobility maritime patrol teams. They should process the tasks respectively.There should be ten Captains for the Category-A maritime patrol teams, listed between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10 or equal to between Police Officer and Commissioner General. There should be ten Vice Captains, listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be thirty Division Directors, listed as Associate Grade 8-9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be sixty Officers and hundred ten Division Captains, and they should all be listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be twenty Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7. There should be two hundred Leaders, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5, or Associate Grade 6, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be twenty Assistant Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5. Ten of the Assistant Technicians should be listed as Associate Grade 6. There should be one thousand two hundred fifty Group Members, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5 or equal to Police Sergeant. Six hundred twenty-five of the Group Members should be listed as Associate Grade 6 or equal to Police Officer. There should be ten Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5. There should be nine Associate Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 1-3.There should be six Captains for the Category-B maritime patrol teams, listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be six Vice Captains, listed as Associate Grade 8-9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be twelve Division Directors, listed as Associate Grade 8-9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be eighteen Officers and thirty Division Captains, and they should all be listed as Assistant Grade 5, or Associate Grade 6-7, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be six Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7. There should be thirty Leaders, listed as Assistant Grade 4-5 or Associate Grade 6, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be two hundred ninety four Group Members, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5 or equal to Police Sergeant. One hundred forty-seven of the Group Members should be listed as Associate Grade 6 or equal to Police Officer. There should be six Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5. There should be six Associate Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 1-3.The mobility maritime patrol teams should have 2-4 Captains, listed as between Associate Grade 9 and Appointment Rank Grade 10, or equal to between Police Officer and Commissioner General. There should be 2-4 Vice Captains, listed as Associate Grade 9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be six-twelve Division Directors and two-four Inspectors, listed as Associate Grade 8-9 or equal to Police Officer. There should be 4-8 Senior Specialists, listed as Associate Grade 7-8 or equal to Police Officer. There should be ten-twenty Officers, listed as Assistant Grade 5, or Associate Grade 6-7, or equal to Police Sergeant or Police Officer. There should be eight-sixteen Clerks, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5. There should be thirteen-seventeen Commander Captains, listed as Associate Grade 7-9. Six-eight of the Commander Captains should be listed as Appointment Rank Grade 10. There should be thirteen-seventeen Chief Engineers and Chief Mates, listed as Associate Grade 7-9. There should be three-seven Chief Telegraphists, 39-51 Vessel Navigators and Vessel Mechanists, listed as Associate Grade 6-8. There should be three Telegraphists, listed as Assistant Grade 5 or Associate Grade 6-7. There should be 52-88 Assistant Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 3-5. There should be 102-172 Apprentice Technicians, listed as Assistant Grade 1-3. Article 11
Apart from Police Officer, applicable systems for all the ranks and personnel grades listed in the Acts between Act 5 and Act 10 should be applicable to relevant professional systems according to Act 8 in Civil Service Employment Act. Article 12
The Directorate General formulates the regulations and enforcement rules applicable in The Directorate General, and then apply for an approval from Coast Guard Administration in Executive Yuan. Article 13
The Executive Yuan should decide the date that the Act begins to be valid. 
