Article 1
These Enforcement Rules are duly enacted in accordance with Article 23 of the Food Administration Act (hereinafter "This Act"). Article 2
The term “Public stock” as set forth in Article 4, Subparagraph 2 of this Act, means the food obtained by the competent authority. Article 3
The food production and marketing plan established by the competent authority in accordance with Article 5 of this Act shall include the following:1. Amount of food demanded2. Target food product3. Amount of Public stock procurement and distributed4. Amount of import, export food5. Amount of food security stock6. Relevant supporting measures Article 4
The term “Major Food” as set forth in Article 6, Paragraph 1 of this Act, means the rice and other grains as designated by the competent authority. The term “farmland” means the arable land for growing food as defined under Article 3, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 11 of the Agricultural Development Act. Article 5
The major food survey and statistics conducted by the competent authority in accordance with Article 6, Paragraph 1 of this Act shall include the following:1. Areas of crop planting and harvesting2. Harvested crop volumeThe survey, statistics of areas of crop planting and harvesting set forth in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph may be conducted by remote aeronautic technology and field survey.　The survey, statistics of harvested crop volume set forth in Subparagraph 2 may be conducted by means of field survey in line with sample farm crop-cutting method. Article 6
The major food survey, statistics conducted by the competent authority in accordance with Article 6, Paragraph 1 of this Act shall include the consumption volume, calories, protein and fat intake of the major food. Article 7
The survey, statistics of the production costs of the major food conducted by the competent authority in accordance with Article 6, Paragraph 1 of this Act shall include the following items:1. Various expenses required for production2. Quantities of products produced3. General information of the surveyed farmers Article 8
The survey, statistics of the prices of the major food conducted by the competent authority in accordance with Article 6, Paragraph 1 of this Act shall include wholesale or retail prices of paddy, brown rice, milled rice. Article 9
The competent authority shall, While proclaim the food subject to export/import restriction pursuant to Article 7, Paragraph 1 of this Act, inform the competent authority of the Foreign Trade to enlist the restricted items in the Table of Commodities Assisted by Customs for Export/Import Examination. Article 10
The competent authority shall, while consigning contracted public stock keeper to handle the collecting, store, milling and distributing public stock, execute the consignment contract , and the contracted public stock keeper shall provide collateral. Article 11
The contracted public stock keeper consigned to handle the collecting, store, milling and distributing public stock, shall conduct such duties in accordance with the contract and laws concerned and shall accept superintendence and audit from the competent authority. Article 12
The contracted public stock keeper consigned to handle public stock affairs pursuant to Article 8 of this Act, the rates of handling fee and wastage rate of the public stock shall be determined by the competent authority. Article 13
The term “engage in the small quantity food retail business as a side job with a daily stock below the prescribed quantity” as set forth in Article 10, Paragraph 2 of this Act, means 300 kg maximum in case of rice (including paddy) and 150 kg maximum in case of flour (including wheat).The daily inventory as mentioned in the previous paragraph shall be calculated by the daily sales quantity, total quantity in stock or total outstanding balance of each type of food. Article 14
Governmental support provided by the competent authority to quality rice in its production and marketing under Article 13 of this Act shall be conducted as follows:1. Planning of the areas optimal to quality rice farming.2. Recommendation of quality rice species.3. Instruction for rice farming technology.4. Instruction for post-harvesting drying, inspection, warehousing, processing, quality control and marketing management of grains. Article 15
The rice grading and inspection system established by the competent authority under Article 13 of this Act shall be conducted as follows:1. Survey into the quality of rice produced and marketed.2. Assist with procurement, storage, processing and sales management of graded rice.3. Instruction for technology and methods in rice inspection.4. Inspection over quality specifications, packaging, labeling of the rice sold in the market, according to the grade of national quality specification standards or enacted quality specifications. Article 16
(deleted) Article 17
These Enforcement Rules shall be in force upon promulgation. 
