Article 1
These enforcement rules shall be formulated in accordance with stipulations provided under Article 55 of Law governing veterinarian (hereinafter referred to as the "Law"). Article 2
In accordance with stipulations provided under Article 4 of the Law, application for veterinarian certificate or veterinary aide certificate shall be submitted to the central competent authority for approval. The following document shall be filed together with the application: 1.One copy of application for veterinarian certificate or veterinary aide certificate.2.Original copy of qualification for veterinarian or veterinary aide.3.Three 2" x 2" passport-size photos, indicating name at the back of photos.The document mentioned in the subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph shall be returned after verification. Article 3
The central competent authority shall keep a register each for veterinarian certificate and veterinary aide certificate. The register shall record the following information:1.Certificate number and date of issue.2.Name, ID number, sexes, birth date, domicile and contact address of veterinarian or veterinary aide.3.Examination or qualification materials for veterinarian or veterinary aide.4.Reasons and date of replacement and reissuance of veterinarian or veterinary aide certificate.5.Reasons and date for cancellation of veterinarian or veterinary aide certificate. Article 4
In accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Law, those applying for practice license shall file the following documents together with the appropriate license fee to respective competent municipal or county (city) authority for approval:1.One copy of application for veterinarian practice license.2.Original and Xerox copy of veterinarian certificate; original certificate shall be returned after verification.3.Two copies of recent 2" x 2" passport-size photos indicate name at the back of photo.4.Documents certifying membership at local veterinarian association.5.Certification documents of practice organization. This requirement is not needed for those who are applying at thesame time for opening a veterinary medical institution/clinic.eterinary aide applying for a practice license shall observe regulations provided above and shall be required toinclude practice qualification documents of a veterinary aide.n issuing practice license, the notation "Practice license issued number ___ county (city), _____date) shall bestamped (3 cm long 2 cm width) at the back of the veterinarian or veterinary aide certificate)hose who have already obtained veterinarian or veterinary aide certificate prior to the modification of theenforcement rule shall be required to apply for practice license within two years from the date of amendment of this enforcement rule. Article 5
The municipal or county (city) competent authority shall keep a register for practice license containing the following information:1.License number and date of issue.2.Name, ID number, sexes and birth date of applying veterinarian or veterinary aide.3.Certificate number of applying veterinarian or veterinary aide.4.Name and address of practice organization.5.Reason and date for replacement or reissuance of practice license.6.Reason and date for cancellation of practice license.7.Other matters which should be registered. Article 6
In accordance with stipulations provided under Article 7 of the Law, veterinary practice organizations include:1.Public veterinary clinic/ institution2. Private veterinary clinic/institution3.Animal breeding farm recruiting full-time veterinarian or veterinary aide.4.Animal health, inspection and research institutions5.Animal quarantine agencies6.Animal health agencies7.Biological drug firm for animals.8.Farmers associations9.Slaughter houses.10.Other animal or veterinary organization recognized by the central competent authority. Article 7
When the practice is closed, suspended, or resumed or the address for practice is changed, the veterinarian shall be reported, approved and filed in accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 1 of Article 8 of the Law. An application shall be submitted to the original issuing authority, together with the practice license and relevant documents and shall be handled in accordance with following:1.Close: cancel practice license.2.Suspension: indicate date of suspension on practice license and return it to its holder.3.Resumption: indicate date of resumption on practice license before returning it to its holder.4.Changes in the address for practice: makes necessary registration on changes. However, when the address forpractice is moved to a different administrative area, the practice license shall be submitted for cancellation. In accordance with stipulations provide under Paragraph 1 of Article 5 of this Law, a new application for practice license shall be filed. Article 8
(Deleted) Article 9
The term "notifiable diseases" pursuant to Article 13 of this Law refers to infectious animals diseases pursuant to Article 6 of Statue for Prevention and Control of Infectious Animal Disease. Article 10
The term "experiences" referred to under Paragraph 2 of Article 16 of the Law denotes experience obtained after the veterinary aide has been certified. The term "assist in executing veterinarian business” provided under Subparagraph 1 and 2 of the same paragraph refers to those who engage in professional veterinary work under the guidance of a full-time veterinarian. Article 11
In accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 2 of Article 16 of the Law, a veterinary aide applying for a practice license shall provide an application to the municipal or county (city) competent authority, which will submit this to the central competent authority for approval of certification. Article 12
In accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 1 of Article 17 of the Law, the following documents and appropriate license fee shall be submitted together with the application for opening permit of a veterinary medical institution/clinic to the municipal or county (city) competent authority for approval:1.Application for opening permit.2.Original copy and Xerox copy of the responsible veterinarian or veterinary aide practice license; original copy shallbe returned after verification. This requirement is not necessary for those who are also applying for opening permit.3.Copy of ID of the applicant. Article 13
The municipal or county (city) competent authority shall keep a register for opening permit, and record the following:1.Opening permit number and date of issue2.Name, ID number, sex, birth date of the responsible veterinarian or veterinary aide3.Name and number of the certificate and practice license permit of veterinarian or veterinary aide working inside theveterinary medical institution/clinic.4.Name and address of the veterinary medical institution/clinic.5.Name, ID number, sex, birth date of representatives of the public veterinary medical institution.6.Reasons and date for replaced license.7.Reasons and date for cancellation of license.8.Other matters which must be registered. Article 14
In accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 1 of Article 19 of the Law, the name of a veterinary medical institution/clinic shall be limited as follows:1."The-Name" animal hospital2."The-Name" livestock hospital3." The-Name " veterinary hospital4." The-Name " (kind of animal) special hospital5." The-Name " animal clinic6." The-Name " livestock clinic7." The-Name " (kind of animal) special clinic8. " The-Name School" auxiliary animal hospital9. " The-Name School" auxiliary livestock hospital10. " The-Name University" auxiliary animal hospital11. " The-Name University" auxiliary livestock hospital12." The-Name School" veterinary education hospital13.The other names recognized by the central competent authority Article 15
When a veterinary medical institution/clinic is closed, suspended or resumed or changes its registered item, the responsible veterinarian or veterinary aide shall report and approved in accordance with stipulations provided under Article 12 of the Law. An application form shall be duly filled out and submitted to the original issuing authority together with the opening permit and relevant documents. And it shall be handled in accordance with the following regulation:1.Close:cancellation of its opening permit.2.Suspension: indicate date of suspension of opening permit before returning to applicant3.Resumption: indicate date of resumption of opening permit before returning to applicant.4.Changes in registered item: conduct amendment in registration. However, if business practice is moved to otheradministrative area, opening permit shall be submitted for cancellation. In accordance with stipulations provided underArticle 17, Item 1 of the Law, a new application for opening permit shall be filed. Article 16
Replacement and reissuance of a damaged or lost veterinarian or veterinary aide certificate, practice license or opening permit shall be conducted in accordance with stipulations provided under Article 2, Article 4 or Article 12 of the Law.Where the certificate, license or permit has been replaced or re-issued due to damage, the original copy of the certificate license or permit shall be submitted for cancellation. In the event which the certificate, license or permit has been lost, reasons shall be stated. Article 17
Duration of keeping of diagnostic records and inspection records of veterinary medical institution/clinic shall be set at five years in accordance with stipulations provided under Paragraph 3 of Article 22 of the Law. Article 18
(Deleted) Article 19
Election of directors and supervisors of superior veterinarian associations shall not be restricted to the directors and supervisors of subordinate veterinarian associations. Article 20
Members of a subordinate veterinarian association selected to attend the supervisor veterinarian association shall not be restricted to its directors or supervisors. Article 21
The number of representatives in the subordinate veterinarian association selected to attend the superior veterinarian association shall be determined by the ratio of the numbers of members of various subordinate associations, or by the ratio of regular annual fees paid by the associations.The number of representatives mentioned above shall be prescribed in the charter of the superior veterinarian association. Article 22
A subordinate veterinarian association shall pay a regular annual fee to the superior veterinarian association. Amount and deadline for payment shall be prescribed in the charter of the superior veterinarian association. Article 23
The central competent authority shall prescribe formats of certificate, license, application forms, records and certification documents mentioned in the Law and the enforcement rules. Article 24
(Deleted) Article 25
These enforcement rules shall become effective on the date of promulgation. 
