Article 1
These Rules have been drafted pursuant to Article 35 of the Fertilizer management Act (hereafter referred to as "this Act"). Article 2
A fertilizer business may engage in manufacturing and importing of fertilizers only after it has apply and been granted a fertilizer registration certificate in accordance with the provisions of Article 5 of this Act. Article 3
Those who submit fertilizer samples used for application to manufacture, import specifically for research and testing or registration purposes shall fill out application forms, along with the following documents:1. One copy of manual provided by the manufacturing plants; if the manual is in a foreign language, it shall be accompanied by a Chinese translation.2. A research proposal shall accompany those samples intended for research and testing.If the fertilizer samples mentioned in the preceding Paragraph are intended for registration purpose, they shall be limited to a quantity of 2 kilograms (or liters); it they are intended for research and testing, the quantity is dictated by the proposal. Article 4
The certification fees as specified by Article 11 of this Act shall be: three thousand New Taiwan Dollars for the first time applicants; one thousand New Taiwan Dollars for extension of expiration date, replacement or renewal. Article 5
The so-called "without a fertilizer registration certificate" as mentioned in subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 18 of This Act means one of the following:1. Fertilizer manufacturers or importers who have not applied for registration certificate for that fertilizer.2. Those fertilizer registration certificates that have been revoked or voided by the central governing agencies in accordance with the provisions of Article 24 or Paragraph 1, Article 25 of This Act.3. Those fertilizer registration certificates that have expired. However, this does not apply to those fertilizers, sold by fertilizer salesmen that were manufactured or imported while the registration certificates for these fertilizers are valid. Article 6
The so-called identifications as mentioned in Paragraph 3, Article 22 of this Act mean inspector credentials made and issued by the central governing agencies. Article 7
The manner of handling fertilizer as specified in Paragraph 2, Article 25 of this Act means destruction. Article 8
The so-called "refusing to seal in storage or vow to safe guard" as mentioned in subparagraph 6, Paragraph 1, Article 28 of this Act means refusing to cooperate in sealing in storage or vow to safe guard fertilizers that have been sampled for verification, or acting to unseal after vowing to safe guard, move, sell or fail to fulfill the responsibilities of safe guarding. Article 9
These Rules shall take effect on the date of promulgation.NOTE:This translation is for information purposes only and does not represent the binding law of the Republic of China. The binding law appears only in the national language, Chinese. Therefore, for purposes other than acquiring information, reference must be made to the original Chinese version of this statute. 
