Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Paragraph 2, Article 5 of the Agricultural Production and Certification Management Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Factory (farm): a domestic premise involved in the production, processing, packaging or distribution of organic agricultural products or organic agricultural processed products.2. Extensional assessment: an assessment performed by a certification body to determine whether a certified agricultural product operator may extend its certification scope within the valid certification period.3. Re-assessment: an assessment performed by a certification body to determine whether a certified agricultural product operator may maintain certification by the end of the valid certification period.4. Surveillance: an inspection performed by a certification body of a certified agricultural product operator to verify that the operator has continued to comply with certification criteria within the valid certification period. Article 3
These Regulations shall apply to the certification of organic agricultural products and organic agricultural processed products that are produced, processed, packaged or distributed in the Republic of China (Taiwan).These Regulations shall apply to the certification for crops and processed crops produced in the transitional period referred to in Point 2, Part III of the Certification Criteria for Organic Agricultural Products and Organic Agricultural Processed Products mentioned in Paragraph 2, Article 6. The name of such products shall be labeled “transition to organic.” Article 4
As used in these Regulations, a certification body shall refer to an organization, school, juristic person or group that has been accredited and granted an accreditation document on organic agricultural product certification in accordance with the Act. Article 5
An agricultural product operator applying for organic agricultural product or organic agricultural processed product certification shall possess one of the following qualifications:1. A farmer;2. A farm, livestock farm, farmer group or agricultural production and marketing group established or registered in accordance with related regulations; or3. An operator that has obtained a company license or business registration certificate. Article 6
An agricultural product operator applying for certification of organic agricultural products or organic agricultural processed products shall make the application to a certification body by filling out an application form and providing the following documents:1. A document verifying possession of one of the qualifications in the preceding Article;2. Information on the geographical location of the factory (farm), including its land location labeling and a nearby area map;3. Descriptions of the production or processes that comply with the certification criteria for organic agricultural products or organic agricultural processed products;4. Maintenance of records and documents concerning the organic operating system, including records of operation, quality control, raw materials, inventory, product production and marketing, and records of the management of production land, facilities and environment; and5. Other documents required by the central competent authority.The certification criteria for organic agricultural products or organic agricultural processed products mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of the preceding Paragraph are specified in Appendix 1. Appendix 1：Amended Provisions of the Certification Criteria for Organic Agricultural Products and Organic Agricultural Processed Products.doc 
