Article 1
The Act is enacted pursuant to Article 5 of the Organizational Act of the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan. Article 2
The Fisheries Agency, Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan (hereinafter referred to as "the Agency") shall be responsible for the following affairs:1. Drafting and supervision of fisheries policies, laws and regulations, programs, and plans. 2. Research and planning concerning fisheries science and fisheries pollution control.3. Management and supervision of fishing vessels and fishermen.4. Implementation, coordination, and supervision of fisheries patrol duties. 5. Assistance to and supervision of fishermen's association and fishing industry association. 6. Training, planning, and supervision for fishermen and fishermen's association and fishing industry association extension personnel. 7. Supervision and support of fish shipment, sales, and processing, fishermen's benefits, and fishing industry finances.8. Supervision of services at foreign fishing bases. 9. Planning and implementation of international fisheries cooperation; coordination of fisheries foreign affairs.10. Conservation, cultivation, management, research, and assessment of fisheries resources; planning, implementation, supervision, and coordination of the aquaculture industry.11. Planning and supervision of fishing harbors and associated public facilities.12. Management and analysis of fishery statistics and information. 13. Other relevant assistance to fishermen and the fishing industries. Article 3
The Agency shall establish four (4) divisions to take charge of the affairs in respect to those listed in the preceding article; the divisions may establish sections for executing their duties. Article 4
The Agency shall establish a secretariat to take charge of confidential and important affairs, archival duties, official seals, cashier, general affairs, public relations, evaluation, and other affairs not covered in the duties of other divisions or offices; the secretariat may establish sections for executing its duties. Article 5
The Agency shall be headed by one (1) director-general, who shall have a civil service rank of grade thirteen (13), to oversee the Agency's affairs. Two (2) deputy director-generals with a rank of grade twelve (12) shall be appointed to assist in the management of the Agency's affairs. Article 6
The Agency shall have one (1) chief secretary and four (4) division directors with a rank of grade eleven (11); four (4) deputy division directors with a rank of grade ten (10); one (1) director, one (1) senior specialist, and four (4) researchers with a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10); twenty-three (23) section chiefs with a rank of grade nine (9); three (3) secretaries, thirty-nine (39) to forty-five (45) technical specialists, and six (6) specialists with a rank of grade eight (8) to grade nine (9), of whom nine (9) technical specialists may have a rank of grade ten (10); eight (8) associate researchers with a rank of grade seven (7) to grade nine (9); eight (8) specialists and three (3) trainers with a rank of grade seven (7) to grade eight (8); four (4) assistant trainers and two (2) counselors with a rank of grade five (5) to grade seven (7); thirty-nine (39) to forty-one (41) associate technical specialists and fifteen (15) to seventeen (17) officers with a rank of grade five (5) or grade six (6) to grade seven (7); ten (10) to fourteen (14) junior technical specialists and one (1) nurse with a rank of grade four (4) to grade five (5), of whom seven (7) associate technical specialists may have a rank of grade six (6); seven (7) clerks with a rank of grade three (3) to grade five (5); and six (6) associate clerks with a rank of grade one (1) to three (3).If either of the two assistant clerks of the former Deep Sea Fishing Training Center hired before the enforcement of the Act does not possess civil service hiring qualifications, the Center may continue to hire that employee to fill an unfilled associate clerk position until the time that the employee resigns. If any of the current personnel of the former Deep Sea Fishing Training Center hired before the enforcement of these Acts and who have been approved and registered in accordance with the Assigned Personnel Assignment Statutes do not possess statutory hiring qualifications, the Center may continue retain those personnel in their original post and official grade until the time that they resign. Article 7
The Agency shall establish a personnel office with one (1) chief personnel officer in a rank of grade nine (9). The office shall handle personnel management affairs in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 8
The Agency shall establish an accounting office with one (1) chief accounting officer in a rank of grade nine (9). The office shall handle annual budget and accounting matters in accordance with law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 9
The Agency shall establish a civil service ethics office with one (1) chief civil service ethics officer in a rank of grade nine (9). The office shall handle ethics-related matters in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 10
The Agency may establish a Deep Sea Fishery Research and Development Center to meet its service needs. The center shall implement fisheries resource research and development, survey and assessment, fishing training, and extension work.The Deep Sea Fishery Research and Development Center shall have one (1) director with a rank of grade eleven (11) to perform the general management of the center's affairs and one (1) deputy director with a rank of grade ten (10) to assist in the management of the center's affairs. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein.In order to implement the affairs specified in the first paragraph, the center may establish fishing training and fishing exploration ships. The Agency shall submit the center's working personnel recruitment and management regulations to the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan, for approval and transfer to the Executive Yuan for approval. Article 11
Upon service requirement, the Agency may request the Executive Yuan to approve the stationing of fisheries personnel at major foreign fishing bases; the number of the personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 12
Upon service requirement, the Agency may establish various committees with the consent of the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan; the necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 13
The personnel with ranks and grades specified in Articles 5 to 10 hereof shall be assigned in accordance with applicable title classifications provided in Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act. Article 14
The Agency shall stipulate its operational regulations and submit the same to the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan, for approval. Article 15
The Act shall become validated on the date set by the Executive Yuan. 
