Article 1
The Act is enacted pursuant to Article 4 of the Organizational Act of the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan. Article 2
The Agriculture and Food Agency, Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan, (hereinafter referred to as “the Agency”) shall be responsible for the following affairs: 1. Drafting, implementation, and supervision of agricultural and food policies, laws and regulations, programs, and plans.2. Improvement of crop production improvement, strategic planning and supervision of special zones and production-sales stabilization measures.3. Collection, analysis, forecasting, reporting of agricultural and food industry information.4. Natural disaster relief for agricultural and food industries, co-operating in handling public nuisance, and strategic planning and supervision of general pest and disease control.5. Assistance and supervision of agricultural and food product trading systems and market management.6. Planning, coordination, and supervision of domestic and foreign publicity and promotions of domestic agricultural products.7. Research and development of crop production, shipment, sales, and processing technology.8. Assistance and supervision of agricultural and food product processing.9. Strategic planning, implementation, and supervision of pesticide, fertilizer, seed and seedling, and agricultural machinery inspection services.10. Drafting, implementation, and supervision of grain management services and rice inspection and grading system.11. Drafting, implementation, and supervision of grain purchase, storage and shipment, milling, and allocation plans.12. Drafting, implementation, and supervision of fertilizer purchase, sale, storage, and shipment plans.13. Assistance to agricultural and food production-sales organizations, dissemination of information, and farmers' education affairs.14. Other affairs concerning agricultural and food industries. Article 3
This Agency shall establish five (5) or six (6) divisions to take charge of the affairs in respect to those listed in the preceding article; the divisions may establish sections for executing their duties. Article 4
The Agency shall establish a secretariat to take charge of research and evaluation, meetings, public relations, document and archival duties, official seals, cashier, general affairs management, property management, and other affairs not covered in the duties of other divisions or offices; the secretariat may establish sections for executing its duties. Article 5
The Agency shall be headed by one (1) director-general, who shall have a civil service rank of grade 13 (thirteen), to oversee the Agency's affairs and superintend the subordinates. Two (2) deputy director-generals with a rank of grade 12 (twelve) shall be appointed to assist in the management of the Agency's affairs. Article 6
The Agency shall have one (1) chief secretary and five (5) or six (6) division directors with a rank of grade eleven (11); five (5) or six (6) deputy division directors with a rank of grade ten (10); one (1) chief and three (3) to four (4) senior specialists with a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10); twenty-three (23) to twenty-seven (27) section chiefs with a rank of grade nine (9); forty-four (44) to forty-eight (48) technical specialists with a rank of grade eight (8) to grade nine (9), of whom sixteen (16) shall have a rank of grade ten (10); three (3) secretaries and thirty-four (34) to thirty-six (36) specialists with a rank of grade eight (8) to grade nine (9); thirteen (13) to fifteen (15) specialists with a rank of grade seven (7) to grade eight (8); twenty-two (22) to twenty-four (24) associate technical specialists and thirty-six (36) to forty (40) officers with a rank of grade five (5) or grade six (6) to grade seven (7); three (3) to five (5) junior technical specialists with a rank of grade four (4) to grade five (5), of whom one (1) shall have a rank of grade six (6); twelve (12) to fourteen (14) clerks with a rank of grade three (3) to grade five (5); and six (6) to eight (8) associate clerks with a rank of grade one (1) to grade three (3).Of the numbers of personnel set forth in the preceding paragraph, twenty-six (26) officers, three (3) junior technical specialists, seven (7) clerks, and four (4) associate clerks shall be transferred from the civil service personnel of the former Taiwan Provincial Government, but vacancies shall not be filled.Among the Agency's current personnel who were hired by the former Taiwan Department of Agriculture and Forestry or Taiwan Department of Food in accordance with the Employee Management Rules and transferred with their work before the enforcement of the Act, those who do not possess civil service personnel employment qualifications may fill vacant associate clerk positions specified in the first paragraph until the time that they resign.If any of the Agency's current personnel who were hired by the former Taiwan Department of Agriculture and Forestry or Taiwan Department of Food before the enforcement of the Act and who have been approved and registered in accordance with the Assigned Personnel Assignment Statutes do not possess civil service personnel employment qualifications, the Agency may continue retain those personnel in their original post and official grade until the time that they resign. Article 7
The Agency shall establish a personnel office with one (1) chief personnel officer in a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10). The office shall handle personnel management affairs in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 8
The Agency shall establish an accounting office with one (1) chief accounting officer in a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10). The office shall handle annual budget and accounting matters in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 9
The Agency shall establish a statistics office with one (1) chief statistician director in a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10). The office shall handle statistics-related affairs in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 10
The Agency shall establish a civil service ethics office with one (1) chief civil service ethics officer in a rank of grade nine (9) to grade ten (10). The office shall handle ethics-related affairs in accordance with the law. The remaining necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 11
The personnel with ranks and grades specified in Articles 5 to 10 hereof shall be assigned in accordance with applicable title classifications provided in Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act. Article 12
The Agency may establish branch offices in main agricultural product production and sales areas in order to promote local agricultural development; the organization of such branch offices shall be separately determined in accordance with the law. Article 13
Upon service requirement, the Agency may establish various committees with the consent of the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan; the necessary working personnel shall be assigned within the personnel quota prescribed herein. Article 14
The Agency shall stipulate its operational regulations and submit the same to the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan, for approval. Article 15
The Act shall become validated on the date set by the Executive Yuan. 
