Article 1
The regulations are established pursuant to the fourth paragraph of Article 17 of the “ Plant Protection and Quarantine Act ” (hereinafter referred to as "the Act"). Article 2
The term “ free trade zones ” used in the regulations is the term that has been defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 3 of the “ Act for the Establishment and Management of Free Trade Zones ”. Article 3
The regulated articles from other countries that are applied for entry and storage in the free trade zones pursuant to the fourth paragraph of Article 17 of the Act shall follow the quarantine requirements pursuant to subparagraph 2 of the first paragraph of Article 14 of the Act. Article 4
The importers or their agents shall submit to the plant quarantine authority a completed application form along with supporting documents listed as follows before the regulated articles from other countries are entered into and stored within the free trade zones:1.Phytosanitary certificate issued by the exporting country; but exemptions published by the plant quarantine authority are not required;2.Delivery order;3.Import declaration form; and4.Affidavit and a post-entry use plan or other proofing documentation. Article 5
The phytosanitary certificate issued by the exporting country mentioned in the subparagraph 1 of the preceding Article may be without detail of consignee. If the destination stated in the phytosanitary certificate is to a third country or area, the plant quarantine authority should make a copy of the certificate after the inspection and return the original certificate to the importers or their agents. If there is a demand for the regulated articles to be transported to the tax area, they must complete the relevant quarantine process pursuant to the first paragraph of Article 17 of the Act and customs requirements before being entered in the tax area. Article 6
The regulated articles from other countries that have passed quarantine inspection are allowed to be entered into and stored within the free trade zones. Those that have not passed quarantine inspection shall follow the regulations of Article 18, Article 18-1 and Article 19 of the Act. Article 7
The plant quarantine authority shall dispatch the inspector to conduct the on-site inspection of the regulated articles before being entered into and stored within the free trade zones. However, the on-site inspection for the regulated articles that are exempted from submitting a phytosanitary certificate issued by the exporting country may be taken by documentation review. Article 8
The regulations become effective on the date of promulgation. 
