Article 1
These Regulations are established pursuant to Article 41, paragraph 5 and Article 43 of the Fisheries Act. Article 2
The activities of recreational fishery stipulated in these Regulations mean the following activities that a recreational fishing vessel carries passengers on board or to islands or reefs to engage in:1. Harvesting aquatic animals or plants.2. Watching fishing operations.3. Watching natural environment and wildlife.4. Whale watching.A recreational fishing vessel authorized by the competent authority may be offered for use in aquatic (fisheries) resources research, marine environment research, fisheries management, marine engineering projects, release of fish fry, and deployment and maintenance of artificial reefs.Any recreational fishing vessel which intends to carry passengers to engage in diving activities as specified in Article 19 of the Regulations Governing Water Recreation Activities may do so only after it has obtained approval of the competent authority and shall conform to the Regulations Governing Water Recreation Activities.The fishing gear and method used in the activities referred to in paragraph 1, sub-paragraph 1 shall be restricted to rod lining, pole and line, and trolling. Article 3
Passengers referred to in paragraph 1 of the preceding Article shall not include:1. Staff with fishing vessel crew identification who work on a recreational fishing vessel.2. Persons in distress at sea who were rescued by the captain under obligation.3. Persons who embark on a vessel in an illegal manner that can not be stopped by the captain or owner of that vessel.4. Persons who cannot leave the vessel due to performance of official duties for extraordinary incidents. Article 4
A recreational fishing vessel stipulated in these Regulations means an existing fishing vessel that engages in part-time recreational fishery, or is remodeled or to be built as replacement to engage in the activities of recreational fishery. Article 5
Fishing vessels engaged in recreational fishery shall be over 1 gross ton.Sampans and fishing rafts shall not engage in recreational fishery. However, for public waters of certain depth with natural barriers such as lagoons, the competent authority of the government of the municipality or city (county) may establish autonomous regulations for sampans and fishing rafts to engage in part-time recreational fishery in designated water areas. Article 6
A recreational fishing vessel under 10 gross tons may be built provided that replacement tonnage of three sampans or fishing rafts has been obtained. Article 7
The maximum number and tonnage categories of recreational fishing vessels in every fishing port are set out in Attached Table 1. Attached Table 1：Maximum Number and Tonnage Categories of Recreational Fishing Vessels in Every Fishing Port.pdf 
