Article 1
The Rules are established pursuant to paragraph 1, Article 39 of the Statute for Prevention and Control of Infectious Animal Diseases. Article 2
For the purposes of the Rules 'closed container' shall mean a closed container for transport of animal products, and it shall meet the following conditions:1. It must be strong enough in structure, and should be reusable.2. Its door must be closed thoroughly during transportation.3. It must be able to prevent any pathogen of animal infectious diseases from leaking outside or entering inside during transportation.4. It must have the characteristics of being cleanable and sanitizable easily. Article 3
Upon the arrival of animal products transported by closed container, the importer or its agent shall apply for animal quarantine to the animal quarantine authority at the port, station, container gathering area supervised by the Customs or other related places designated by the Animal Quarantine Service. Article 4
During transport process, in case the shipment of the closed container is transited or transshipped in the country or zone or at their port or airport where the specified animal diseases occur, the import shall be permitted only under the following conditions having been met:1. The original seal with imprinted number shall be put on at the opening of the closed container before departure from the exporting country.2. The animal health certificate or the bill of landing issued by animal quarantine authority of the exporting country shall state the numbers of the closed container and its seal.Animal quarantine inspector shall check up the integrity of the original seal of the closed container when the importer or its agent applies for animal quarantine.In case the original seal of the closed container is subject to change on arrival, prior to the application of animal quarantine, the importer or its agent shall apply to the Customs for issuing a document of "Record of Opening of the Original Seal of Container" for checkup. Article 5
The Rules shall also be applied to import of animal products by air, in case animal products are packaged by the container meeting the necessary condition of closing, and the animal health certificate or the bill of lading to be accompanied states the original number of the seal or marking of security sealing. Article 6
The Rules become effective on April 1, 2003. 
