Chapter 1General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These regulations are pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 39 of the Statute for Prevention and Control of Infectious Animal Disease and Article 21 of Plant Protection and Quarantine Act.Article 2　 The fees include quarantine fees, operation fees and handling fees:1. Quarantine fees: charges for inspection of animal and plant diseases and pests.2. Operation fees :1) On-site inspection fees;2) Animal holding fees, including facility fee and testing fee;3) Carcass burning fees;4) Extended operation fees;5) Quarantine treatment fees: fumigation, sterilization, sea burial, raising, cultivation, transportation and destruction, etc.6) Computer processing fees.3. Handling fees:1) Quarantine label fees;2) Fees for splitting, reissuing, replacing and copying of the phytosanitary / veterinary certificates.Article 3　 The quarantine service fees shall be charged in New Taiwan Dollars (NT$).The quarantine service fees shall be exempted for the articles used for aid or relief purposes and accompanied with proof from government authorities.Chapter 2Quarantine feesArticle 4　 Quarantine fees shall be charged for 0.1% of the Free on Board (FOB) value of the export articles or the import duty value for the importd articles.Quarantine fees shall be charged at the rate of 0.05% of the import duty value of the imported articles which are wheal, barley, corn or soy bean.Article 4-1　 For export purposes, the fee for certain animal diseases and plant pests sampling test shall be charged as follows. The fee for specific animal diseases test for urgent exportation shall be doubled.1. A fee of NT$ 1,000 for the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).2. A fee of NT$ 1,600 for Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR).3. A fee of NT$ 2,100 for Reverse Transcription PCR (RT- PCR).4. A fee of NT$ 3,100 for Real Time RT-PCR.5. A fee of NT$ 3,600 for virus isolation.Article 5　 Exporters, importers (hereinafter referred to as “ the applicant s ” )or the agents, when applying for inspection, shall submit the foreign currency exchange documents or other sales documents in order to calculate the quarantine fees. If such documents are not available along with the inspection application, it is required to submit before issuing the phytosanitary/veterinary certificates.For those merchant groups or associations, where approval is granted by the competent authority to calculate the fees based on uniform values, submission of the aforementioned documents will be exempted.Article 6　 For those articles exempt from acquiring import or export permits, quarantine fees are charged as follows:1. Fees for the import articles are charged for the import customs declaration form signed by the declarant, or foreign exchange documents such as the trade invoice from overseas exporters, submitted by the applicants or the agents while applying for inspection.2. Fees for the export articles are charged for the letter of credit or export customs declaration form signed by the declarant submitted by the applicants or the agents while applying for inspection. However, the fees shall be charged as per local sales invoices, commercial invoices or other sales proof documents, when application is submitted at local manufactory.Article 7　 The quarantine fees shall be exempted for the following cases:1. The articles are used for military purposes and accompanied with proof from military authorities.2. The articles of imported food are used for military or official purposes and accompanied with proof from food administration authorities.3. The animals, plants or their products carried by passenger or crew serving on vehicles, ships or aircrafts or sent via mail not exceeding the quantity allowed by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine.4. Unprocessed raw, cold-stored or frozen livestock or poultry meat for export, where the meat inspection fee has been paid for at slaughtering.Article 8　 For the export articles paid with foreign currencies, the quarantine fees shall be charged as per the payment which should be converted into NT$, based on the exchange rates applicable for custom declaration as stipulated by the directorate general of customs for every ten-day period.Chapter 3Operation feesArticle 9　 The on-site inspection fees shall be charged for the actions which dispatched inspectors by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine, including on-site inspection, quarantine treatments, escort, and audit of facilities or sites, etc;1. A fee of NT$ 500 will be charged for on-site inspection within the territory by each inspector every time. If the inspector cannot travel to the site and back within the same day, the fees shall be charged as per the “ Regulations for Applying the Domestic Trip Allowance; ”2. For each batch of the articles, the on-site inspection fee shall be charged as the articles being inspected by one inspector.3. On-site inspection fee shall be charged only once for the same applicant if several batches of the articles are inspected at the same place and the same time.If large quantities of the articles are to be inspected and one inspector cannot complete the task in one day, the on-sites inspection fees shall be charged for the number of inspectors dispatched by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine and the number of days.No on-site inspection fee will be charged for inspection conducted at warehouses, container terminals or other locations where the offices of the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine are located.Article 10 　 For import or export animals to be quarantined at the facilities owned by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine or at other facilities approved by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine, the animal holding fees will be charged in accordance with Table 1 Animal Holding Fees Schedule.If the time for quarantine of an animal exceeds the time limit as per relevant regulation, the animal holding fee will include the facility fee and extended operation fee based on the extended days.For on-site inspection of animals quarantined at other approved facilities by the inspectors dispatched by the Bureau of Animal and Plant Health Inspection and Quarantine, the on-site inspection fee shall be charged but the facility fee shall be exempt in accordance with paragraphs 1 and 2 of the preceeding Article.Table1 Animal Holding Fees Schedule.pdf
