Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to the provisions of the second paragraph of Article 5 of the Wildlife Conservation Act. Article 2
The functions of the Wildlife Conservation Advisory Committee (hereafter "Advisory Committee") shall be1. reviewing and evaluating the list of protected species and the classification thereof;2. ratifying the demarcation, alteration or abolishment of wildlife refuge;3. ratifying the use of land within the wildlife refuge zone by major national project(s) (if any) without prejudice to the survival of the wildlife inhabiting therein, and the method of collection of assessment thereof; and4. advising on matters with regard to wildlife conservation. Article 3
The Committee shall comprise twenty five to thirty one members who shall be appointed by the Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan (hereafter "Council") from among the representatives from the relevant agencies, experts, scholars and representatives from private conservation organizations and Taiwan aborigines.　The total number of the experts, scholars and representatives from private conservation organizations and Taiwan aborigines who hold no public official position shall account for not less than two-thirds of the total committee membership.　The term of office of each member shall be two years and each member is eligible for re-appointment. Article 4
This Committee shall have one chairman who shall be appointed by the chairman of the Council from among the members of the Committee and who shall be responsible for the general handling of the affairs of the Advisory Committee, and one executive secretary and two to three staff members who shall be appointed from among the staff members of the Council to handle the day-to-day business of the Advisory Committee according to the instruction of the chairman of the Advisory Committee. Article 5
The Advisory Committee shall meet once every six months.　Where necessary, temporary meetings may be convened.The Advisory Committee may invite the relevant agencies, organizations or scholars and experts to attend the meeting provided in the preceding paragraphs as observers.The meeting provided in the first paragraph shall be presided by the chairman.　In case the chairman is unable to attend the meeting for whatever reason, the members shall elect one from among themselves to chair the meeting.The resolution of the meeting shall be adopted by the majority vote of the members present at the meeting attended by the majority of the members.　In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall make the final decision. Article 6
No consideration will be paid to the members of the Advisory Committee, the executive secretaries or the staff members.　Notwithstanding, those who are not appointed from among the staff members of the Council may be paid remuneration paid to part-time jobbers in accordance with the relevant rules. Article 7
The Council shall budget the operation funds of the Advisory Committee. Article 8
No official letters shall be issued externally in the name of the Advisory Committee.　Matters decided by the Advisory Committee shall be executed in the name of the Council. Article 9
These Regulations shall come into force on the day of promulgation. 
