Article 1
These Regulations have been established in accordance with Article 9 Paragraph 1 of the “Medal Award Act.” Article 2
Where any citizen of the Republic of China, or any foreigner, meets any of the following criteria, with tangible accomplishments, he or she may be awarded the “Professional Medal for Agriculture” (hereafter “this Medal”):1. A person who has made major innovations or shown outstanding effectiveness in policy planning, policy promotion, education, extension, or operational management in the field of agriculture.2. A person who has had major discoveries, inventions, or writings resulting from research or experimental work in the field of agriculture, and whose work has been of very significant benefit in terms of the improvement of agriculture.3. A person who, in a time of extreme emergency or under high-risk circumstances, has responded effectively, appropriately, and in a timely manner, or has undertaken rescue or disaster-response work under high-risk conditions, thereby protecting major interests of farmers, the public, agencies, or groups.4. A person engaged in agricultural work of an international nature who has advanced the national interest in important ways, has earned international approbation, or has promoted friendly relations with other nations.5. Any other person who has made major contributions to the cause of agriculture deserving official recognition. Article 3
In addition to the Council of Agriculture (hereafter COA) taking the initiative to award this Medal, in cases where an application is made for this Medal to be presented to the personnel of the Council or its affiliated agencies, there shall be a recommendation from the head of the agency or director of the unit in which the person serves, or the head of the next higher-ranking agency. In cases of not the personnel of the Council or its affiliated agencies, or of foreigners, there shall be a recommendation from the competent agency or group related to the matter for which the application is being made.The “recommendation” mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be made out using the “Recommendation Form for the Professional Medal for Agriculture,” with supporting documents attached; the application shall be presented to the COA to be processed. For the specific format of the recommendation, see Attachment 1. Attachment 1：Recommendation Form for the Professional Medal for Agriculture.doc 
