[Christ Is Our High Priest] 1 Here is the main point: We have a High Priest who sat down in the place of honor beside the throne of the majestic God in heaven. 2 There he ministers in the heavenly Tabernacle,* the true place of worship that was built by the Lord and not by human hands.3 And since every high priest is required to offer gifts and sacrifices, our High Priest must make an offering, too. 4 If he were here on earth, he would not even be a priest, since there already are priests who offer the gifts required by the law. 5 They serve in a system of worship that is only a copy, a shadow of the real one in heaven. For when Moses was getting ready to build the Tabernacle, God gave him this warning: "Be sure that you make everything according to the pattern I have shown you here on the mountain."*But now Jesus, our High Priest, has been given a ministry that is far superior to the old priesthood, for he is the one who mediates for us a far better covenant with God, based on better promises.7 If the first covenant had been faultless, there would have been no need for a second covenant to replace it. 8 But when God found fault with the people, he said: "The day is coming, says the Lord , when I will make a new covenant with the people of Israel and Judah.9 This covenant will not be like the one I made with their ancestors when I took them by the hand and led them out of the land of Egypt. They did not remain faithful to my covenant, so I turned my back on them, says the Lord .10 But this is the new covenant I will make with the people of Israel on that day,* says the Lord : I will put my laws in their minds, and I will write them on their hearts. I will be their God, and they will be my people.11 And they will not need to teach their neighbors, nor will they need to teach their relatives,*saying, "You should know the Lord .' For everyone, from the least to the greatest, will know me already.12 And I will forgive their wickedness, and I will never again remember their sins."*When God speaks of a "new" covenant, it means he has made the first one obsolete. It is now out of date and will soon disappear.       Footnotes: 8:2 Or tent; also in 8:5.   8:5 Exod 25:40; 26:30. 6  8:10 Greek after those days.   8:11 Greek their brother.   8:8-12 Jer 31:31-34. 13 
