2016 年 10 月 19 日
《India Diary》 Fasting is to make you mature

Today is Karwa Chauth, the festival derived from Hindu religion, especially be renowned in northern India, 
“Karwa" means earthen pots while ‘chauth’ means the fourth day. Karwa Chauth is celebrated on the fourth day of the Hindu lunisolar calendar.

Before India, I was ignorantly thought that only Muslims will do fasting, like Ramadan, till now, 
I started to realized how many Hindu festival combine with the ritual doing fasting. 
Every time Antie always unpredictably tells me that the day is the birthday of one of their Hindu god, so she has to do fasting for some days, expect being surprised to this, 
I always feel a bit embarrassed because after that, Antie will still needs to make the food for us, even if she isn’t allowed to eat.

During Karwa Chauth, this is an occasion where predominantly married women in northern India are seen fasting from sunrise to moonrise for their husband’s long life and well-being, this is an only occasion doing fasting not because of their God, 
In the evening, a puja is organised where women exchange earthen pots filled with sweets, bangles and clothes, 
then when the moon rise, women should take the earthen pots, 
staring at the brighten moon first, and continuously switched the earthen pots to their husband, 
represent as they take the power of moonlight to their husband and wish them live longer, after that, fasting will finally break.

To be honest, after hearing this festival, my sense of justice broke out at that time, feeling irritable for this culture, 
Indian women sacrifice too much to men in this country, I have never heard about there is some festivals in Indian which are celebrated opposite, husbands will do fasting for their wife to live longer. 
But when I was walking in the town with my roommates, I slowly have some strange feelings, 
that time was only 10 degree in Shimla, but I was still seeing lots of women having complete make up on their face and whole decoration on their body, also, 
wearing the awesome Saree or suit which can make your eyes fixed, it was so cold then, but they still wore that this, 
holding the arm of their husbands and waiting for the moonrise. 

While seeing the moon with those Indian couple together, I started to have a strong feeling in my mind, 
compare most of married women used to spend the rest of life in their house, making the food, raise their children and waiting for their husband coming back from work, 
now they finally have one time in a year, 
dressing up themselves becoming the woman who they really want to be, 
and show the most beautiful part to their love, their husbands tonight.

On the way going back to PG, 
“actually even though you haven’t got married but already had your boyfriend, you can also do fasting for him if you want." The girls said. 
“But you don’t need to wait for the moon rise, only need to wait for the star show up." And she really did it for her military boyfriend, 
and finally broke her fasting when she saw the moon at 9:30PM, 
that time I’ve already ate two times for rice, for me, I think having a healthy body is more important than any other thing lol.

◇ Note:
(1) Simla people like to gather on this day in the Mall road and other moon appeared, I heard that this is the first place to see the moon in this area. 
(I jokingly said, because they are too hungry, would like to quickly see the moon began to eat eat XDD)
(2) Karwa Chauth the day before, the original nothing of the open space suddenly emerge a lot of selling jewelry vendors,
On this day, the necessary makeup must have Sindhu, Bindi, Bangles (bracelet), Mehndi (Indian tattoo), Linear ... Well ... 
girls really money to which country is good earned XD