[Israel's Ultimate Deliverance] 1 Look, a righteous king is coming! And honest princes will rule under him.2 Each one will be like a shelter from the wind and a refuge from the storm, like streams of water in the desert and the shadow of a great rock in a parched land.3 Then everyone who has eyes will be able to see the truth, and everyone who has ears will be able to hear it.4 Even the hotheads will be full of sense and understanding. Those who stammer will speak out plainly.5 In that day ungodly fools will not be heroes. Scoundrels will not be respected.6 For fools speak foolishness and make evil plans. They practice ungodliness and spread false teachings about the Lord . They deprive the hungry of food and give no water to the thirsty.7 The smooth tricks of scoundrels are evil. They plot crooked schemes. They lie to convict the poor, even when the cause of the poor is just.8 But generous people plan to do what is generous, and they stand firm in their generosity.9 Listen, you women who lie around in ease. Listen to me, you who are so smug.10 In a short time-just a little more than a year- you careless ones will suddenly begin to care. For your fruit crops will fail, and the harvest will never take place.11 Tremble, you women of ease; throw off your complacency. Strip off your pretty clothes, and put on burlap to show your grief.12 Beat your breasts in sorrow for your bountiful farms and your fruitful grapevines.13 For your land will be overgrown with thorns and briers. Your joyful homes and happy towns will be gone.14 The palace and the city will be deserted, and busy towns will be empty. Wild donkeys will frolic and flocks will graze in the empty forts[a] and watchtowers15 until at last the Spirit is poured out on us from heaven. Then the wilderness will become a fertile field, and the fertile field will yield bountiful crops.16 Justice will rule in the wilderness and righteousness in the fertile field.17 And this righteousness will bring peace. Yes, it will bring quietness and confidence forever.18 My people will live in safety, quietly at home. They will be at rest.19 Even if the forest should be destroyed and the city torn down,20 the Lord  will greatly bless his people. Wherever they plant seed, bountiful crops will spring up. Their cattle and donkeys will graze freely.       Footnotes:a.   32:14 Hebrew the Ophel.  
