[Invitation to the Lord's Salvation] 1 "Is anyone thirsty? Come and drink- even if you have no money! Come, take your choice of wine or milk- it's all free!2 Why spend your money on food that does not give you strength? Why pay for food that does you no good? Listen to me, and you will eat what is good. You will enjoy the finest food.3 "Come to me with your ears wide open. Listen, and you will find life. I will make an everlasting covenant with you. I will give you all the unfailing love I promised to David.4 See how I used him to display my power among the peoples. I made him a leader among the nations.5 You also will command nations you do not know, and peoples unknown to you will come running to obey, because I, the Lord your God, the Holy One of Israel, have made you glorious."6 Seek the Lord  while you can find him. Call on him now while he is near.7 Let the wicked change their ways and banish the very thought of doing wrong. Let them turn to the Lord  that he may have mercy on them. Yes, turn to our God, for he will forgive generously.8 "My thoughts are nothing like your thoughts," says the Lord. "And my ways are far beyond anything you could imagine.9 For just as the heavens are higher than the earth, so my ways are higher than your ways and my thoughts higher than your thoughts.10 "The rain and snow come down from the heavens and stay on the ground to water the earth. They cause the grain to grow, producing seed for the farmer and bread for the hungry.11 It is the same with my word. I send it out, and it always produces fruit. It will accomplish all I want it to, and it will prosper everywhere I send it.12 You will live in joy and peace. The mountains and hills will burst into song, and the trees of the field will clap their hands!13 Where once there were thorns, cypress trees will grow. Where nettles grew, myrtles will sprout up. These events will bring great honor to the Lord's name; they will be an everlasting sign of his power and love."       
