[Blessings for All Nations] 1 This is what the Lord  says: "Be just and fair to all. Do what is right and good, for I am coming soon to rescue you and to display my righteousness among you.2 Blessed are all those who are careful to do this. Blessed are those who honor my Sabbath days of rest and keep themselves from doing wrong.3 "Don't let foreigners who commit themselves to the Lord  say, "The Lord  will never let me be part of his people.' And don't let the eunuchs say, "I'm a dried-up tree with no children and no future.'4 For this is what the Lord  says: I will bless those eunuchs who keep my Sabbath days holy and who choose to do what pleases me and commit their lives to me.5 I will give them-within the walls of my house- a memorial and a name far greater than sons and daughters could give. For the name I give them is an everlasting one. It will never disappear!6 "I will also bless the foreigners who commit themselves to the Lord , who serve him and love his name, who worship him and do not desecrate the Sabbath day of rest, and who hold fast to my covenant.7 I will bring them to my holy mountain of Jerusalem and will fill them with joy in my house of prayer. I will accept their burnt offerings and sacrifices, because my Temple will be called a house of prayer for all nations.8 For the Sovereign Lord , who brings back the outcasts of Israel, says: I will bring others, too, besides my people Israel." [Sinful Leaders Condemned] 9 Come, wild animals of the field! Come, wild animals of the forest! Come and devour my people!10 For the leaders of my people- the Lord 's watchmen, his shepherds- are blind and ignorant. They are like silent watchdogs that give no warning when danger comes. They love to lie around, sleeping and dreaming.11 Like greedy dogs, they are never satisfied. They are ignorant shepherds, all following their own path and intent on personal gain.12 "Come," they say, "let's get some wine and have a party. Let's all get drunk. Then tomorrow we'll do it again and have an even bigger party!"       Footnotes:
