[Judgment against the Lord's Enemies] 1 Who is this who comes from Edom, from the city of Bozrah, with his clothing stained red? Who is this in royal robes, marching in his great strength? "It is I, the Lord , announcing your salvation! It is I, the Lord , who has the power to save!"2 Why are your clothes so red, as if you have been treading out grapes?3 "I have been treading the winepress alone; no one was there to help me. In my anger I have trampled my enemies as if they were grapes. In my fury I have trampled my foes. Their blood has stained my clothes.4 For the time has come for me to avenge my people, to ransom them from their oppressors.5 I was amazed to see that no one intervened to help the oppressed. So I myself stepped in to save them with my strong arm, and my wrath sustained me.6 I crushed the nations in my anger and made them stagger and fall to the ground, spilling their blood upon the earth." [Praise for Deliverance] 7 I will tell of the Lord 's unfailing love. I will praise the Lord  for all he has done. I will rejoice in his great goodness to Israel, which he has granted according to his mercy and love.8 He said, "They are my very own people. Surely they will not betray me again." And he became their Savior.9 In all their suffering he also suffered, and he personally[a] rescued them. In his love and mercy he redeemed them. He lifted them up and carried them through all the years.10 But they rebelled against him and grieved his Holy Spirit. So he became their enemy and fought against them.11 Then they remembered those days of old when Moses led his people out of Egypt. They cried out, "Where is the one who brought Israel through the sea, with Moses as their shepherd? Where is the one who sent his Holy Spirit to be among his people?12 Where is the one whose power was displayed when Moses lifted up his hand- the one who divided the sea before them, making himself famous forever?13 Where is the one who led them through the bottom of the sea? They were like fine stallions racing through the desert, never stumbling.14 As with cattle going down into a peaceful valley, the Spirit of the Lord  gave them rest. You led your people, Lord , and gained a magnificent reputation." [Prayer for Mercy and Pardon] 15 Lord , look down from heaven; look from your holy, glorious home, and see us. Where is the passion and the might you used to show on our behalf? Where are your mercy and compassion now?16 Surely you are still our Father! Even if Abraham and Jacob[b] would disown us, Lord , you would still be our Father. You are our Redeemer from ages past.17 Lord , why have you allowed us to turn from your path? Why have you given us stubborn hearts so we no longer fear you? Return and help us, for we are your servants, the tribes that are your special possession.18 How briefly your holy people possessed your holy place, and now our enemies have destroyed it.19 Sometimes it seems as though we never belonged to you, as though we had never been known as your people.       Footnotes:a.   63:9 Hebrew and the angel of his presence.  b.   63:16 Hebrew Israel. See note on 14:1.  