[The ] [Lord] ['s Chosen Servant] 1 "Look at my servant, whom I strengthen. He is my chosen one, who pleases me. I have put my Spirit upon him. He will bring justice to the nations.2 He will not shout or raise his voice in public.3 He will not crush the weakest reed or put out a flickering candle. He will bring justice to all who have been wronged.4 He will not falter or lose heart until justice prevails throughout the earth. Even distant lands beyond the sea will wait for his instruction.*"5 God, the Lord , created the heavens and stretched them out. He created the earth and everything in it. He gives breath to everyone, life to everyone who walks the earth. And it is he who says,6 "I, the Lord , have called you to demonstrate my righteousness. I will take you by the hand and guard you, and I will give you to my people, Israel, as a symbol of my covenant with them. And you will be a light to guide the nations.7 You will open the eyes of the blind. You will free the captives from prison, releasing those who sit in dark dungeons.8 "I am the Lord ; that is my name! I will not give my glory to anyone else, nor share my praise with carved idols.9 Everything I prophesied has come true, and now I will prophesy again. I will tell you the future before it happens." [A Song of Praise to the ] [Lord10] Sing a new song to the Lord ! Sing his praises from the ends of the earth! Sing, all you who sail the seas, all you who live in distant coastlands.11 Join in the chorus, you desert towns; let the villages of Kedar rejoice! Let the people of Sela sing for joy; shout praises from the mountaintops!12 Let the whole world glorify the Lord ; let it sing his praise.13 The Lord  will march forth like a mighty hero; he will come out like a warrior, full of fury. He will shout his battle cry and crush all his enemies.14 He will say, "I have long been silent; yes, I have restrained myself. But now, like a woman in labor, I will cry and groan and pant.15 I will level the mountains and hills and blight all their greenery. I will turn the rivers into dry land and will dry up all the pools.16 I will lead blind Israel down a new path, guiding them along an unfamiliar way. I will brighten the darkness before them and smooth out the road ahead of them. Yes, I will indeed do these things; I will not forsake them.17 But those who trust in idols, who say, "You are our gods,' will be turned away in shame. [Israel's Failure to Listen and See] 18 "Listen, you who are deaf! Look and see, you blind!19 Who is as blind as my own people, my servant? Who is as deaf as my messenger? Who is as blind as my chosen people, the servant of the Lord ?20 You see and recognize what is right but refuse to act on it. You hear with your ears, but you don't really listen."21 Because he is righteous, the Lord  has exalted his glorious law.22 But his own people have been robbed and plundered, enslaved, imprisoned, and trapped. They are fair game for anyone and have no one to protect them, no one to take them back home.23 Who will hear these lessons from the past and see the ruin that awaits you in the future?24 Who allowed Israel to be robbed and hurt? It was the Lord , against whom we sinned, for the people would not walk in his path, nor would they obey his law.25 Therefore, he poured out his fury on them and destroyed them in battle. They were enveloped in flames, but they still refused to understand. They were consumed by fire, but they did not learn their lesson.       Footnotes: 42:4 Greek version reads And his name will be the hope of all the world. Compare Matt 12:21.  
