[Judah's Worthless Treaty with Egypt] 1 "What sorrow awaits my rebellious children," says the Lord . "You make plans that are contrary to mine. You make alliances not directed by my Spirit, thus piling up your sins.2 For without consulting me, you have gone down to Egypt for help. You have put your trust in Pharaoh's protection. You have tried to hide in his shade.3 But by trusting Pharaoh, you will be humiliated, and by depending on him, you will be disgraced.4 For though his power extends to Zoan and his officials have arrived in Hanes,5 all who trust in him will be ashamed. He will not help you. Instead, he will disgrace you."6 This message came to me concerning the animals in the Negev: The caravan moves slowly across the terrible desert to Egypt- donkeys weighed down with riches and camels loaded with treasure- all to pay for Egypt's protection. They travel through the wilderness, a place of lionesses and lions, a place where vipers and poisonous snakes live. All this, and Egypt will give you nothing in return.7 Egypt's promises are worthless! Therefore, I call her Rahab- the Harmless Dragon.*Now go and write down these words. Write them in a book. They will stand until the end of time as a witness9 that these people are stubborn rebels who refuse to pay attention to the Lord 's instructions.10 They tell the seers, "Stop seeing visions!" They tell the prophets, "Don't tell us what is right. Tell us nice things. Tell us lies.11 Forget all this gloom. Get off your narrow path. Stop telling us about your "Holy One of Israel.'"12 This is the reply of the Holy One of Israel: "Because you despise what I tell you and trust instead in oppression and lies,13 calamity will come upon you suddenly- like a bulging wall that bursts and falls. In an instant it will collapse and come crashing down.14 You will be smashed like a piece of pottery- shattered so completely that there won't be a piece big enough to carry coals from a fireplace or a little water from the well."15 This is what the Sovereign Lord , the Holy One of Israel, says: "Only in returning to me and resting in me will you be saved. In quietness and confidence is your strength. But you would have none of it.16 You said, "No, we will get our help from Egypt. They will give us swift horses for riding into battle.' But the only swiftness you are going to see is the swiftness of your enemies chasing you!17 One of them will chase a thousand of you. Five of them will make all of you flee. You will be left like a lonely flagpole on a hill or a tattered banner on a distant mountaintop." [Blessings for the ] [Lord] ['s People] 18 So the Lord  must wait for you to come to him so he can show you his love and compassion. For the Lord  is a faithful God. Blessed are those who wait for his help.19 O people of Zion, who live in Jerusalem, you will weep no more. He will be gracious if you ask for help. He will surely respond to the sound of your cries.20 Though the Lord gave you adversity for food and suffering for drink, he will still be with you to teach you. You will see your teacher with your own eyes.21 Your own ears will hear him. Right behind you a voice will say, "This is the way you should go," whether to the right or to the left.22 Then you will destroy all your silver idols and your precious gold images. You will throw them out like filthy rags, saying to them, "Good riddance!"23 Then the Lord  will bless you with rain at planting time. There will be wonderful harvests and plenty of pastureland for your livestock. 24 The oxen and donkeys that till the ground will eat good grain, its chaff blown away by the wind. 25 In that day, when your enemies are slaughtered and the towers fall, there will be streams of water flowing down every mountain and hill. 26 The moon will be as bright as the sun, and the sun will be seven times brighter-like the light of seven days in one! So it will be when the Lord  begins to heal his people and cure the wounds he gave them.27 Look! The Lord  is coming from far away, burning with anger, surrounded by thick, rising smoke. His lips are filled with fury; his words consume like fire.28 His hot breath pours out like a flood up to the neck of his enemies. He will sift out the proud nations for destruction. He will bridle them and lead them away to ruin.29 But the people of God will sing a song of joy, like the songs at the holy festivals. You will be filled with joy, as when a flutist leads a group of pilgrims to Jerusalem, the mountain of the Lord - to the Rock of Israel.30 And the Lord  will make his majestic voice heard. He will display the strength of his mighty arm. It will descend with devouring flames, with cloudbursts, thunderstorms, and huge hailstones.31 At the Lord 's command, the Assyrians will be shattered. He will strike them down with his royal scepter.32 And as the Lord  strikes them with his rod of punishment,*his people will celebrate with tambourines and harps. Lifting his mighty arm, he will fight the Assyrians.33 Topheth-the place of burning- has long been ready for the Assyrian king; the pyre is piled high with wood. The breath of the Lord , like fire from a volcano, will set it ablaze.       Footnotes: 30:7 Hebrew Rahab who sits still. Rahab is the name of a mythical sea monster that represents chaos in ancient literature. The name is used here as a poetic name for Egypt.  [A Warning for Rebellious Judah] 8  30:32 As in some Hebrew manuscripts and Syriac version; Masoretic Text reads with the founded rod.  
