[Good News for the Oppressed] 1 The Spirit of the Sovereign Lord  is upon me, for the Lord  has anointed me to bring good news to the poor. He has sent me to comfort the brokenhearted and to proclaim that captives will be released and prisoners will be freed.*He has sent me to tell those who mourn that the time of the Lord 's favor has come,*and with it, the day of God's anger against their enemies.3 To all who mourn in Israel,*he will give a crown of beauty for ashes, a joyous blessing instead of mourning, festive praise instead of despair. In their righteousness, they will be like great oaks that the Lord  has planted for his own glory.4 They will rebuild the ancient ruins, repairing cities destroyed long ago. They will revive them, though they have been deserted for many generations.5 Foreigners will be your servants. They will feed your flocks and plow your fields and tend your vineyards.6 You will be called priests of the Lord , ministers of our God. You will feed on the treasures of the nations and boast in their riches.7 Instead of shame and dishonor, you will enjoy a double share of honor. You will possess a double portion of prosperity in your land, and everlasting joy will be yours.8 "For I, the Lord , love justice. I hate robbery and wrongdoing. I will faithfully reward my people for their suffering and make an everlasting covenant with them.9 Their descendants will be recognized and honored among the nations. Everyone will realize that they are a people the Lord  has blessed."10 I am overwhelmed with joy in the Lord  my God! For he has dressed me with the clothing of salvation and draped me in a robe of righteousness. I am like a bridegroom dressed for his wedding or a bride with her jewels.11 The Sovereign Lord  will show his justice to the nations of the world. Everyone will praise him! His righteousness will be like a garden in early spring, with plants springing up everywhere.       Footnotes: 61:1 Greek version reads and the blind will see. Compare Luke 4:18. 2  61:2 Or to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord .   61:3 Hebrew in Zion.  
