1 In that day the Lord  will take his terrible, swift sword and punish Leviathan,[a] the swiftly moving serpent, the coiling, writhing serpent. He will kill the dragon of the sea.2 "In that day, sing about the fruitful vineyard.3 I, the Lord , will watch over it, watering it carefully. Day and night I will watch so no one can harm it.4 My anger will be gone. If I find briers and thorns growing, I will attack them; I will burn them up-5 unless they turn to me for help. Let them make peace with me; yes, let them make peace with me."6 The time is coming when Jacob's descendants will take root. Israel will bud and blossom and fill the whole earth with fruit!7 Has the Lord  struck Israel as he struck her enemies? Has he punished her as he punished them?8 No, but he exiled Israel to call her to account. She was exiled from her land as though blown away in a storm from the east.9 The Lord  did this to purge Israel's[b] wickedness, to take away all her sin. As a result, all the pagan altars will be crushed to dust. No Asherah pole or pagan shrine will be left standing.10 The fortified towns will be silent and empty, the houses abandoned, the streets overgrown with weeds. Calves will graze there, chewing on twigs and branches.11 The people are like the dead branches of a tree, broken off and used for kindling beneath the cooking pots. Israel is a foolish and stupid nation, for its people have turned away from God. Therefore, the one who made them will show them no pity or mercy.12 Yet the time will come when the Lord  will gather them together like handpicked grain. One by one he will gather them-from the Euphrates River[c] in the east to the Brook of Egypt in the west. 13 In that day the great trumpet will sound. Many who were dying in exile in Assyria and Egypt will return to Jerusalem to worship the Lord  on his holy mountain.       Footnotes:a.   27:1 The identification of Leviathan is disputed, ranging from an earthly creature to a mythical sea monster in ancient literature.  b.   27:9 Hebrew Jacob's. See note on 14:1.  c.   27:12 Hebrew the river.  
