[God's Help for Israel] 1 "Listen in silence before me, you lands beyond the sea. Bring your strongest arguments. Come now and speak. The court is ready for your case.2 "Who has stirred up this king from the east, rightly calling him to God's service? Who gives this man victory over many nations and permits him to trample their kings underfoot? With his sword, he reduces armies to dust. With his bow, he scatters them like chaff before the wind.3 He chases them away and goes on safely, though he is walking over unfamiliar ground.4 Who has done such mighty deeds, summoning each new generation from the beginning of time? It is I, the Lord , the First and the Last. I alone am he."5 The lands beyond the sea watch in fear. Remote lands tremble and mobilize for war.6 The idol makers encourage one another, saying to each other, "Be strong!"7 The carver encourages the goldsmith, and the molder helps at the anvil. "Good," they say. "It's coming along fine." Carefully they join the parts together, then fasten the thing in place so it won't fall over.8 "But as for you, Israel my servant, Jacob my chosen one, descended from Abraham my friend,9 I have called you back from the ends of the earth, saying, "You are my servant.' For I have chosen you and will not throw you away.10 Don't be afraid, for I am with you. Don't be discouraged, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you. I will hold you up with my victorious right hand.11 "See, all your angry enemies lie there, confused and humiliated. Anyone who opposes you will die and come to nothing.12 You will look in vain for those who tried to conquer you. Those who attack you will come to nothing.13 For I hold you by your right hand- I, the Lord  your God. And I say to you, "Don't be afraid. I am here to help you.14 Though you are a lowly worm, O Jacob, don't be afraid, people of Israel, for I will help you. I am the Lord , your Redeemer. I am the Holy One of Israel.'15 You will be a new threshing instrument with many sharp teeth. You will tear your enemies apart, making chaff of mountains.16 You will toss them into the air, and the wind will blow them all away; a whirlwind will scatter them. Then you will rejoice in the Lord . You will glory in the Holy One of Israel.17 "When the poor and needy search for water and there is none, and their tongues are parched from thirst, then I, the Lord , will answer them. I, the God of Israel, will never abandon them.18 I will open up rivers for them on the high plateaus. I will give them fountains of water in the valleys. I will fill the desert with pools of water. Rivers fed by springs will flow across the parched ground.19 I will plant trees in the barren desert- cedar, acacia, myrtle, olive, cypress, fir, and pine.20 I am doing this so all who see this miracle will understand what it means- that it is the Lord  who has done this, the Holy One of Israel who created it.21 "Present the case for your idols," says the Lord . "Let them show what they can do," says the King of Israel.*"Let them try to tell us what happened long ago so that we may consider the evidence. Or let them tell us what the future holds, so we can know what's going to happen.23 Yes, tell us what will occur in the days ahead. Then we will know you are gods. In fact, do anything-good or bad! Do something that will amaze and frighten us.24 But no! You are less than nothing and can do nothing at all. Those who choose you pollute themselves.25 "But I have stirred up a leader who will approach from the north. From the east he will call on my name. I will give him victory over kings and princes. He will trample them as a potter treads on clay.26 "Who told you from the beginning that this would happen? Who predicted this, making you admit that he was right? No one said a word!27 I was the first to tell Zion, "Look! Help is on the way!'*I will send Jerusalem a messenger with good news.28 Not one of your idols told you this. Not one gave any answer when I asked.29 See, they are all foolish, worthless things. All your idols are as empty as the wind.       Footnotes: 41:21 Hebrew the King of Jacob. See note on 14:1. 22  41:27 Or "Look! They are coming home.'  
