1 Thus says the Lord : "For three transgressions of Moab, and for four, I will not turn away its punishment, Because he burned the bones of the king of Edom to lime.2 But I will send a fire upon Moab, And it shall devour the palaces of Kerioth; Moab shall die with tumult, With shouting and trumpet sound.3 And I will cut off the judge from its midst, And slay all its princes with him," Says the Lord .Judgment on Judah4 Thus says the Lord : "For three transgressions of Judah, and for four, I will not turn away its punishment, Because they have despised the law of the Lord , And have not kept His commandments. Their lies lead them astray, Lies which their fathers followed.5 But I will send a fire upon Judah, And it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem."Judgment on Israel6 Thus says the Lord : "For three transgressions of Israel, and for four, I will not turn away its punishment, Because they sell the righteous for silver, And the poor for a pair of sandals.7 They pant after the dust of the earth which is on the head of the poor, And pervert the way of the humble. A man and his father go in to the same girl, To defile My holy name.8 They lie down by every altar on clothes taken in pledge, And drink the wine of the condemned in the house of their god.9 "Yet it was I who destroyed the Amorite before them, Whose height was like the height of the cedars, And he was as strong as the oaks; Yet I destroyed his fruit above And his roots beneath.10 Also it was I who brought you up from the land of Egypt, And led you forty years through the wilderness, To possess the land of the Amorite.11 I raised up some of your sons as prophets, And some of your young men as Nazirites. Is it not so, O you children of Israel?" Says the Lord .12 "But you gave the Nazirites wine to drink, And commanded the prophets saying, 'Do not prophesy!'13 "Behold, I am weighed down by you, As a cart full of sheaves is weighed down.14 Therefore flight shall perish from the swift, The strong shall not strengthen his power, Nor shall the mighty deliver himself;15 He shall not stand who handles the bow, The swift of foot shall not escape, Nor shall he who rides a horse deliver himself.16 The most courageous men of might Shall flee naked in that day," Says the Lord .
