Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 The Enforcement Rules of the Statistics Act are enacted pursuant to Article 30 of the Statistics Act (hereinafter referred to as this Act).Article 2　 With regard to the agency in charge of collecting and compiling the statistics (hereinafter referred to as statistics agency in charge) at all levels of the government, the statistics agency in charge in the central government is the central BAS (Budget, Accounting and Statistics)unit, the statistics agency in charge in the municipal government is the municipal BAS unit, the statistics agency in charge in the county (city) government is the county (city) BAS unit, the statistics agency in charge in the Hsiang (town/city) of the local government is the Hsiang (town/city) BAS unit or the BAS personnel in charge. The statistics institute in charge at the subordinate agencies of all levels of the government is the statistics department, statistics office or the statistics personnel in charge. Any government agency which does not have a statistics institute, its statistical projects shall be handled by its accounting institute.Article 3　 The statistics agency in charge at each level of the local government shall be directly supervised and directed by their superior BAS unit and shall also perform their official duties under the instruction of their director in accordance with the law. The statistics personnel in charge at any government agency shall be supervised and directed by the BAS unit of that government or the superior statistics personnel in charge and shall also perform their official duties under the instruction of their director in accordance with the law. As for matters pertaining to statistical projects, the accounting personnel in charge who also handle the statistical projects shall be supervised and directed by their superior statistics personnel in charge and shall perform their official duties under the instruction of their director in accordance with the law.Article 4　 To conduct the statistical projects specified in Article 3, subparagraphs 2 to 5 of this Act, government agencies may establish a statistics Committee composed by its statistics personnel in charge and the chiefs of all related divisions, and the chairperson shall be the director or deputy director of the agency. The statistics Committee shall be responsible for the following duties: 1.the deliberation and review of proposed statistical schemes, statistical programs and the required budget； 2.the deliberation and review of the collection, arrangement, compilation and utilizing of various statistics； 3.the coordination and association of statistics projects. The organic regulations of statistics Committee shall be enacted by the central BAS unit.Article 5　 If the statistics personnel's opinion on matters pertaining to a statistical project is different from the opinion of other personnel in the agency, the director of the agency shall resolve the dispute.Chapter 2 InterpretationArticle 6　 The term "the official statistics activities" mentioned in Article 1 of this Act means the statistics collected and compiled by the government at all levels, public services agencies, public schools, government enterprises and government nonprofit institutions (hereinafter referred to as government agencies) in accordance with Article 3 of this Act.Article 7　 The term "the Basic National Census and Survey（BNCS）" mentioned in Article 3, subparagraph 1 of this Act means the census and survey conducted on national population, land, resources, politics, economics, society, education, and culture, that sufficient to represent the basic conditions of entire nation.Article 8　 The term " the statistics necessary to carry out the official duties of the government agencies" mentioned in Article 3, subparagraph 2 of this Act means the use of the following statistics by government agencies to set up policies, draw up programs, perform official services, and evaluate the performance of government policies: 1.the statistics of official services performed by the agency； 2.the statistics obtained from surveys conducted by the agency； 3.the statistics such as the survey information, report of research analysis and other useful statistics collected and compiled by other agencies or groups.Article 9　 The term "the statistics of official services performed by the government agencies" mentioned in Article 3, subparagraph 3 of this Act means the statistics obtained from processes and results of official duties that carried out by government agencies.Article 10 　 The term "the statistics of the public servants and their services" mentioned in Article 3, subparagraph 4 of this Act includes the statistics of the public servants and the statistics of the public servants' services. The statistics of public servants means the statistics collected and compiled on the structure or system of government agencies and the statistics collected and compiled on the quality, quantity and variation of the public servants. The statistics of the public servants' services means the statistics collected and compiled on the workload and performance of the public servants' services.Article 11 　 The term "other statistics that government agencies deem necessary to be collected and compiled" mentioned in Article 3, subparagraph 5 of this Act means the statistics collected and compiled by the government agencies within the scope of agencies' official duties but not the statistics specified in Article 3, subparagraphs 1 to 4 of this Act.Article 12 　 The term "the competent government agency" mentioned in Article 4 of this Act means the government agency which can directly collect the raw data from the official duties within its authority for the statistics needed. The term "the statistics which shall not be collected and compiled solely by any single government agency" mentioned in Article 4, subparagraph 2 of this Act means the statistics which had no direct relation to any agency or had direct relation to more than one agencies shall be collected and compiled by the BAS unit. The term "the statistics which cannot be collected and compiled by government agencies currently " mentioned in Article 4, subparagraph 3 of this Act means the statistics that needed urgently for the government to make decision shall be collected and compiled by the competent government agency at stated periods but has not yet been collected and compiled.Article 13 　 The term "a temporary liaison organization" mentioned in Article 10 of this Act is composed by commissioners, and convened by the BAS unit or the census institute.Article 14 　 The term "the format of the statistics" mentioned in Article 11 of this Act means the survey form, registration form, arrangement form, and report form. The survey form is to be used in investigating and recording information. The registration form is to be used in registering information. The arrangement form is to be used in compiling and analyzing the information sourcing from the survey form or registration form. The report form is to be used in formally reporting the analysis result of the information.Article 15 　 The term "the files of statistics" mentioned in Article 14 of this Act means the report, book, table, chart or computer storage media deriving from the statistics collected and compiled in accordance with Article 3 of this Act.Article 16 　 The term "governmental statistics" mentioned in Article 18 of this Act means the statistics derived from specific statistical projects collected and compiled by government agencies in accordance with subparagraphs specified in Article 3 of this Act.Article 17 　 The term "the publication" mentioned in Article 18 of this Act means the publication, announcement or supply of statistics collected and compiled by government agencies to the public through oral announcement, written form, microfilm or computer storage media.Article 18 　 The term "the survey conducted on the civilians" mentioned in Article 19 of this Act means the survey conducted directly by government agencies or commissioned by other institutions, group or individual on civilians, residents, legal persons or groups that more than thirty units to meet the agency needs. The following four categories of the survey shall be excluded: 1.the BNCS； 2.the survey conducted on collecting and compiling statistics for research purposes by the educational or academic institutions； 3.the survey conducted on obtaining microdata for the only purpose of a specific project； 4.the survey conducted for the purpose of public opinion polling.Article 19 　 The term "the BAS unit" mentioned in Article 19 of this Act means the statistics agency in charge at all levels of the government under the provisions set forth in Article 2 of this Rules.Chapter 3 Statistical ProgramsArticle 20 　 The central BAS unit shall draft the middle-term and long-term statistical development programs in compliance with the statistical scheme set forth in Article 5 of this Act and submit these programs to the Executive Yuan for approval of implementation.Article 21 　 The statistics personnel in charge at government agencies shall respectively draft the statistical programs and collect and compile the statistics required in those programs pursuant to the statistical scheme specified in Article 5 of this Act and the middle-term and long-term statistical development programs stated in the preceding article. The statistics personnel in charge at government agencies shall draft and submit the schedule of the statistical programs to their superior statistics personnel in charge for approval and shall periodically submit the statistical report to their superior statistics personnel in charge.Chapter 4 Statistical StandardsArticle 22 　 The BAS unit at all levels of the government shall uniformly specify the terminologies, definition, classification, number (code), unit and format of the form used in the same project of statistics or used in the same type of statistics. The specification of terminologies, definition, classification, number (code), unit and format of the form set forth by the BAS unit shall be consistent with the specification set forth by its dominant BAS unit.Article 23 　 The central BAS unit shall establish the standards of national statistical classifications, and submit the standards to the Executive Yuan for approval of implementation. If the central BAS unit decides to revise the standard of national statistical classifications, it shall also submit the revisions to the Executive Yuan for approval of implementation.Article 24 　 These standards of statistical classifications established by government agencies pursuant to the statistical scheme and the nature of statistical projects shall be submitted to the central BAS unit for approval.Chapter 5 Statistical SurveysArticle 25 　 The BNCS shall be conducted at least every ten years and may be individually conducted for a single subject or may be conducted for several subjects simultaneously.Article 26 　 The BNCS is conducted by the method of census or sampling survey, or both if necessary.Article 27 　 The survey scheme of the BNCS shall be drafted and submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval. The content of the survey scheme of the BNCS stated in the preceding paragraph shall include the following items: 1.the purpose and legal basis for conducting the BNCS； 2.the standard time, enumeration period, scope of area, and object of the BNCS； 3.the questionnaire items of the BNCS； 4.the enumeration method in conducting the BNCS； 5.the guidelines for setting up the temporary survey organization and recruiting personnel for conducting the BNCS； 6.the budget for conducting the BNCS. The items set forth in subparagraphs 1 to 3 of the preceding paragraph shall be proclaimed by the Executive Yuan one month before conducting the BNCS.Article 28 　 To conduct the BNCS, the central BAS unit shall draft the survey implementation program based on the survey scheme approved by the Executive Yuan six months before conducting the BNCS. The central BAS unit shall distribute the survey implementation program to the related agencies of the central government and local government as the guideline for conducting the BNCS. The content of the survey implementation program stated in the preceding paragraph shall include the following items: 1.the items which shall be specified in paragraph 2, subparagraphs 2 to 6 of the preceding article； 2.relevant items of explanations and examples； 3.other items deem necessary to be uniformly specified.Article 29 　 The raw data of the BNCS shall, in accordance with the prescribed procedure, be submitted to the central BAS unit or the temporary liaison organization for concentrically handling by the temporary survey organization.Article 30 　 The central BAS unit shall prepare the report of the BNCS in accordance with the following prescribed rules: 1.The preliminary report based on the statistical analysis extracted from the most important information of the BNCS shall be compiled within six months after the enumeration period； 2.The general report based on the final statistical results obtained from all survey information of the BNCS shall be compiled within two years after the enumeration period. The supplementary reports on specific subjects may be compiled additionally if necessary. The report stated in the preceding paragraph together with the summary shall be submitted to the Executive Yuan and delivered to the general public for the purpose of reference and application.Article 31 　 During the period the BNCS was conducted by the Central BAS unit, the personnel of government agencies may be temporarily transferred to the Central BAS unit and perform their official duties under the supervision and direction of the Central BAS unit.Article 32 　 With regard to the standards of performance evaluation, rewards and discipline for the personnel working at the temporary survey organization, it shall be drafted and submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval by the central BAS unit and then submitted to the Ministry of Civil Service for compliance.Article 33 　 In conducting other census, the central BAS unit shall proceed as accorded to the provisions set forth in Articles 27 to 32 of this Rules.Article 34 　 In conducting other census within the jurisdiction of the BAS unit at each level of the local government shall proceed as accorded to the provisions set forth in Articles 27 to 32 of this Rules. In conducting other census within the jurisdiction of the BAS unit in municipal government or county (city) government shall submit the survey scheme to the central BAS unit for review.Article 35 　 The subjects of the survey conducted on the civilians by government agencies shall be limited to the need directly relative and urgent to the official duties. Government agencies shall not conduct the following surveys on the civilians: 1.the information needed can be obtained from the statistics of official service； 2.the identical or similar survey has been conducted by other government agencies； 3.the survey can be incorporated with other similar surveys.Article 36 　 To conduct a survey on the civilians, government agencies shall draft and submit the survey implementation program to their dominant BAS unit for approval before conducting the survey.Article 37 　 The content of the survey implementation program stated in the preceding article shall include the following items: 1.the purpose of the survey； 2.the object and scope of area of the survey； 3.the questionnaire items, unit and format of the survey form (including the definition of the questionnaire items and the instruction for filling out the survey form)； 4.reference period of the statistical information； 5.enumeration period and schedule of the survey； 6.the enumeration method (the sampling survey shall provide its sampling design)； 7.the result format of statistical survey and the method of compilation； 8.the government agency in charge and the coordinating agencies； 9.the budget of survey and its source； 10.other items deem necessary to be included. With regard to the remuneration included in the survey budget stated in subparagraph 9 of the preceding paragraph, the central BAS unit may, based upon actual circumstances, establish a uniform standard.Article 38 　 The survey implementation program drafted by the related division of the government agency shall be submitted to the statistics personnel in charge of the government agency for examination.Article 39 　 The name of the approval BAS unit, the number of approval and effective duration of the survey shall be printed on the upper-left corner of the survey forms by the government agency that is responsible for conducting the survey. The respondent may refuse to fill out the survey form if the name of the approval BAS unit, approval survey number and effective duration of the survey prescribed in the preceding paragraph are not marked on the upper-left corner of the survey forms.Article 40 　 If government agencies decide to change the content of the approved survey case, the amendment shall be submitted in accordance with the procedure set forth in Article 36 of this Rules. The approval number of the survey shall be nullified if the survey has been cancelled or has been suspended for more than six months after the original implementation date is due.Article 41 　 If the government agencies conducting the survey on the civilians are not in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 36 of this Rules, the required budget will not be approved in advance or not be canceled after verification.Article 42 　 The survey case approved by the BAS unit at all levels of the government, together with the implementation program, shall be submitted to the superior BAS unit for review.Article 43 　 The government agencies may commission a related group or individual to conduct the survey on following circumstances: 1.the subject of the survey involves professional knowledge, and the government agency must seek assistance of the scholars or specialists in order to achieve the expected effects； 2. the government agency must commission a specific group or individual in order to improve the quality of the statistics； 3. the government agency does not have suitable survey designers or enough statistics personnel. The government agency stated in the preceding paragraph shall commission a related group or individual to conduct the survey in accordance with the provisions set forth in Articles 36 to 40 of this Rules. The commissioned group or individual that participate in conducting the survey shall act in accordance with the commission agreement and the provisions set forth in Article 21 of this Act.Article 44 　 With regard to the survey conducted by government agencies in accordance with this Act, the respondent shall have the duty to provide detailed and truthful information in the survey form in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 20 of this Act. The respondent may be punished in accordance with the Administrative Enforcement Law if he/she did not provide detailed and truthful information in the survey form.Article 45 　 The statistics personnel of government agencies conducting the surveys shall keep all microdata obtained from various surveys in confidential. Except statistical analysis in its entirety, the microdata cannot be used for any other purposes. If any statistics personnel disclosed a respondent's microdata resulting in injuries to the rights and interests of the respondent, he/she may be disciplined according to the seriousness of the injuries. He/she shall also be held accountable under the law for any criminal liability incurred from disclosing confidential microdata of the respondent.Chapter 6 Statistics of Official ServicesArticle 46 　 With regard to the statistics of official services performed by the statistics division or statistics personnel of government agencies, the statistics personnel in charge and the chief of the related division of government agencies shall consider the intrinsic of the official services and the practical needs of the agency to decide and design the subjects, the format of the statistics and methods of coordination between statistics division and the related division in that agency. Furthermore, they shall also draft and submit the Register Statistics Formulas to their director of that agency and then the statistics personnel in charge shall submit the Register Statistics Formulas to the dominant BAS unit for approval of implementation. With regard to revising the Register Statistics Formulas, the statistics personnel in charge and the chief of the related division of government agencies also shall submit the Register Statistics Formulas to their director of that agency and then the statistics personnel in charge shall submit the Register Statistics Formulas to the dominant BAS unit for approval of implementation.Article 47 　 The director of the agency shall, take the actual circumstances into consideration, appoint the related division or statistics division to be responsible for routinely registering the official services perform by the agency in accordance with the Register Statistics Formula. The registration of the official services performed by government agencies shall also be inspected periodically. With regard to the information registered by the related division stated in the preceding paragraph, it shall be provided to the division itself and shall be provided in the lists to the statistics division periodically. The relevant forms compiled by subordinated agency may be compiled into volumes and replace the registration form after examined by the director of the dominant agency.Article 48 　 The official services performed by government agencies shall be accurately recorded and statistically analyzed if the official services fall within the following categories: 1.the official services which can indicate the results and progress of the policy implementation; 2.the official services which can indicate the efficiency of work and the unit costs of the performed official services; 3.the official services which can indicate the payment and receipt of the budget. With regard to the statistics stated in the preceding paragraph, the statistics personnel in charge, the chief of the related division and the accounting personnel in charge shall together discuss a feasible method to accurately record and statistically analyze the processes and results of the official duties. The method of recordation and statistical analysis shall be implemented after obtaining the approval from the director of that agency.Article 49 　 If the official services performed by government agencies were processed through the computer, the computer storage media is considered as the registration form for registering the official services. The statistics division, the related division and the electronic processing division shall together decide the data processing procedures.Article 50 　 With regard to the statistics of the public servants and their services, the statistics personnel in charge and the personnel officer in charge of government agencies shall together collect and compile the statistics as accorded to the provisions set forth in Article 46 of this Rules.Article 51 　 With regard to the statistics necessary to carry out the official duties of government agencies, it shall be properly analyzed and inferred to meet the agency needs.Article 52 　 With regard to the relevant data collected and compiled by government agencies for the purpose of the statistics necessary to carry out the official duties, the statistics division in charge of collecting and compiling the data shall make the data into files and properly preserve those files.Chapter 7 Management of StatisticsArticle 53 　 The statistics can be divided into the following two categories based on the nature of the statistics and the timing in acquiring it: 1.static statistics: the statistics indicate a static data of certain phenomenon or something at a specific date； 2.dynamic statistics: the statistics indicate a dynamic data of certain phenomenon or something during a specific duration. Both categories of statistics stated in the preceding paragraph shall specify the respective date or duration in acquiring the statistics on the registration form. With regard to regular statistics, the number showed on the last day of the year, last day of the month or last day of a specific period shall represent the static statistics. The number showed during the entire year, entire month or entire specific period shall represent dynamic statistics.Article 54 　 The publication of governmental statistics shall be executed by the BAS unit at all levels of the government. The following three categories of the statistics shall be published only by the central BAS unit: 1.the statistics represent the national synthesis index； 2.the statistics which does not belong exclusively to any government agency or the types of statistics likely to cause divergence because of their similarity； 3. the statistics designated by the Executive Yuan in a specific project.Article 55 　 The statistics published by government agencies shall be limited to its scope of official duties, and shall be submitted to the dominant BAS unit for review. The statistics personnel in charge of government agencies shall be responsible for the publication of governmental statistics stated in the preceding paragraph.Article 56 　 The governmental statistics available to a specific international organization shall be provided by the central BAS unit. The government at all levels and its subordinate agencies may directly provide the open statistics to foreign agencies, groups or individuals. With regard to providing the confidential statistics, they shall obtain prior approval from the dominant BAS unit and the related government agencies.Article 57 　 In publishing the governmental statistics, government agencies shall pay close attention to the annotation of the statistics to avoid divergence among agencies. In quoting other government agency's statistics, the source of the statistics shall be clearly specified.Article 58 　 If the BAS unit or the statistics personnel in charge at any government agency needs to modify the governmental statistics already published due to the change of circumstances or change on the basis of calculation, they shall publish the modified statistics and specify the reasons for the modification.Article 59 　 Each of the following two types of governmental statistics falls into the category of confidential statistics: 1.the microdata obtained from the various statistical surveys. 2.the statistics designated as the confidential statistics by the competent authority of the government. The confidential statistics stated in the preceding paragraph are prohibited to provide without obtaining prior approval from the dominant BAS unit. In providing, the government agency responsible for the confidential statistics not only shall register the name of the requesting government agency and the type of confidential statistics requested but also may impose restrictions on the use of such confidential statistics according to the level of confidentiality.Article 60 　 With regard to the confidential statistics specified in Article 5, Paragraph 2 of this Act, the statistics personnel in charge at government agencies shall secretly submit the statistics to the central BAS unit and then the central BAS unit transfer it to the requesting government agency. If the government agency requesting the confidential statistics is in urgent need of the statistics, the statistics personnel in charge shall directly deliver the statistics to the requesting government agency and secretly submit another copy of the statistics to the central BAS unit by stages for review.Article 61 　 The BAS unit at all levels of the government shall establish rules governing the viewing and inquiry of the open statistics provided to the public. The BAS unit at all levels of the government shall also specify the scope and duration of the publicly announced statistics.Article 62 　 The printed publications of the open statistics and the publicly announced statistics may be sold to the public at cost.Article 63 　 With regard to the printed statistical publications and unprinted statistical reports compiled by government agencies, at least one copy of them shall be perpetually preserved and stored. Beginning from the date of completing the statistics report, the original census forms shall be preserved and stored at least five years; the raw data for surveys conducted over six months of period or irregularly shall be preserved and stored at least two years; the raw data for surveys conducted less than six months of period shall be preserved and stored at least one years; the original registration forms of official services performed by government agencies shall be preserved and stored at least five years. With regard to the original census forms, raw data and the original registration forms, if the prescribed preservation duration of them has expired, or they has been stored into the computer storage media or transformed into the microfilms, they may be destroyed with approval from the director of that agency or be transferred to the academic or documentation agency for safekeeping or utilizing according to the principle of undisclosed confidentiality. Without violating the provisions stated in the preceding paragraph, the government agencies shall take the actual needs into consideration to decide the duration for preserving the statistics stored in the computer storage media or microfilms.Chapter 8 Statistical reportsArticle 64 　 The statistical reports of government agencies shall be prepared and made periodically or irregularly according to the following requirements: 1.the internal reports: statistical reports shall be prepared and made by the government agency according to its needs in official administration and decision-making. 2.the external reports: statistical reports shall be prepared and made by the government agency according to the needs of the superior government agency or related government agencies. The statistical reports prepared and made by the related division of government agencies, stated in the preceding paragraph, shall be delivered to its statistics personnel in charge for review before utilized.Article 65 　 With regard to the beginning date and the end date of the statistical report, if the statistical report falls into the category of monthly report, the beginning date of the report shall be the first day of every month; if the statistical report falls into the category of quarterly report, the beginning date of the report shall be the first day of January, April, July and October of each year; if the statistical report falls into the category of semi-annual report, the beginning date of the report shall be the first day of January and July of each year; if the statistical report falls into the category of annual report, the beginning date of the report shall be the first day of January. The end date of the statistical report shall be the last day of the respective duration. However, if there are regulations specially enacted for the fiscal year report, academic year report or other report in a specific duration, the beginning date and end date of these reports shall be in accordance with the provisions set forth in those regulations.Article 66 　 With regard to the completion date for collecting and reporting various statistical reports of the government agencies, the deadline of completion for the annual report shall not exceed two months after the end of the prescribed duration; the deadline of completion for the semi-annual report shall not exceed one months after the end of the prescribed duration; the deadline of completion for the quarterly report shall not exceed twenty days after the end of the prescribed duration; the deadline of completion for the monthly report shall not exceed fifteen days after the end of the prescribed duration. The deadline for collecting and reporting various statistical reports stated in the preceding paragraph under special circumstances may be extended after obtaining the approval from its dominant BAS unit. If the government agency in charge of collecting and reporting statistical reports is more than one level, the last collecting and reporting government agency shall, take the actual needs into consideration, specify the prescribed duration according to the levels of it for collecting and reporting statistical reports within the duration set forth in the first paragraph.Article 67 　 The periodical statistical reports shall be submitted in accordance with the following procedures: 1.Government agencies shall prepare the statistical report in accordance with the relevant provisions set forth in this Act and this Rules. The statistics personnel in charge shall submit the statistical report to their director of that agency for approval and then submit it to the superior government agency. 2.After receiving the statistical report stated in the preceding subparagraph, the superior government agency shall distribute the statistical report to its statistics personnel in charge for examination. The statistics personnel in charge shall compile the statistics sourcing from the agency itself and its subordinate agencies into the general statistical report and submit the report to their director of that agency for approval and then deliver it to the dominant BAS unit. 3.The general statistical report compiled by the municipal BAS unit or the county (city) BAS unit shall be submitted to the director of the dominant government for approval and then submitted it to the central BAS unit. 4.The National Statistics General Report, based on the statistical reports submitted by all central government agencies and the general statistical report of the municipal government and the county (city) government, shall be compiled by the central BAS unit and then submitted to the Executive Yuan. The procedures in submitting the computer- processed periodic reports of statistics shall be specified by the BAS unit at all levels of the government.Article 68 　 All statistical reports shall be signed or affixed seal by the director and the statistics personnel in charge of that agency, and shall also be signed and affixed seal by the chief of the related division if necessary. However, the director of that agency is not required to sign or affix seal on the statistical report if such report is prepared for internal use only. After the statistical reports stated in the preceding paragraph have been compiled and bound into books, the director, the statistics personnel in charge, and the chief of the related division of that agency may sign or affix seal only on the front cover page or rear cover page of each volume.Article 69 　 With regard to the statistical report of the Office of the President, Secretariat of the National Assembly, Legislative Yuan, Judicial Yuan, Examination Yuan, and Control Yuan, the statistics personnel in charge shall submit it to their director of that agency for approval and then submit it to the central BAS unit for compiling into the general statistical report .Article 70 　 With regard to the publication date for the periodic reports of statistics compiled and bound into books and disclosed on a regular time by government agencies, the deadline of publication for the annual report shall not exceed three months after the deadline of completion specified in Article 66 of this Rules is due; the deadline of publication for the semi-annual report shall not exceed two months after deadline of completion specified in Article 66 of this Rules is due; the deadline of publication for the quarterly report shall not exceed forty-five days after deadline of competition specified in Article 66 of this Rules is due; the deadline of publication for the monthly report shall not exceed fifteen days after deadline of competition prescribed in Article 66 of this Rules is due. The publication date for the periodic reports of statistics compiled and bound into volumes and disclosed on a regular time stated in the preceding paragraph may be prolonged, the deadline of publication stars to count at the day after the extended duration approved by the BAS unit at all levels of the government if any special circumstances set forth in Article 66, Paragraph 2 of this Rules exists.Article 71 　 For the reason of the timeliness, the BAS unit at all levels of the government or the statistics personnel in charge at government agencies may request the needed irregular statistical reports provided directly from the statistics personnel in charge of the related agency. However, the statistics personnel in charge who provided the report shall submit a copy of the report to the dominant BAS unit or the statistics personnel in charge for review.Article 72 　 If the BAS unit at all levels of the government or the statistics personnel in charge at government agencies decides to correct the errors or revise the inappropriateness contained in the statistical reports prepared by its subordinate agencies, they shall promptly notify the agency making the original report.Article 73 　 If the statistical report was required to be printed periodically, the report shall be printed in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Rules. If the statistical report was not required to be printed periodically, the report shall be printed according to the pre-arranged schedule. With regard to the statistical report stated in the preceding paragraph, if errors were discovered after printed, the report shall not be published without including a corrigendum.Chapter 9 Supervision of Statistical WorksArticle 74 　 The BAS unit at all levels of the government shall dispatch the statistics personnel to audit and review the statistical projects collected and compiled by the government agency or its subordinate agencies at any time. The auditing and review of the statistical projects collected and compiled by the government agencies or its subordinate agencies shall be focused on the following points: 1.the implementation of the statistical schemes and statistical programs； 2.the timeliness of the statistics release； 3.the accuracy of the raw data and the statistical result； 4.the completeness of the statistical content； 5.the execution of provisions governing the unification in the statistical classification, statistical subject and number (code)； 6.the appropriateness of the statistical method and technique； 7.the management of statistical files； 8.the providing and utilizing efficient of the statistical information； 9.other statistical projects shall be audited and reviewed. The BAS unit shall audit and review the statistical projects collected and compiled by the lower BAS unit as accorded to the provisions stated in the preceding paragraph.Article 75 　 The BAS unit at all levels of the government shall establish its own quality auditing system or review system for scrutinizing various statistical projects collected and compiled by itself.Article 76 　 The statistics personnel in charge at government agencies shall assist his director of that agency to establish the internal quality auditing system or review system for scrutinizing various statistical projects collected and compiled by that agency.Article 77 　 If the BAS unit at all levels of the government needed to use a certain file or form for statistical projects from the agency itself or its subordinate agencies, that agency or its subordinate agency shall provide the file or form promptly upon request. However, if the statistical file or form was also currently in use by that agency or its subordinate agency for carrying out its official duties, that agency or the subordinate agency is allowed to retain it but shall notify the subsequent available time to the requesting BAS unit. But if the BAS unit dispatch personnel to that agency or its subordinate agency to view or copy the statistical file or form, that agency or the subordinate agency shall not deny or delay the request. To use the file or form from the agency itself or its subordinate agencies, the statistics personnel in charge at any government agency shall be as accorded to the provisions stated in the preceding paragraph. To use the statistical file or form from other related government agency for statistical projects, the statistics personnel in charge at any government agency shall obtain the approval from the dominant BAS unit.Chapter 10 Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 78 　 This enforcement rules shall come into force from the date of promulgation.
