Article 1
These Enforcement Rules are prescribed in accordance with Article 58 of the Tobacco and Alcohol Administration Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act"). Article 2
"Tobacco" set forth in Article 3, Paragraph 1 of the Act is classified into the following categories:1. Cigarettes: Tobacco products made of cut, processed tobacco leaves wrapped in tobacco paper, with or without filter tip.2. Cut tobacco: Finely cut and processed tobacco leaves used for smoking.3. Cigars: Long rolls of processed tobacco leaves with the filler leaves making up the center of rolled cigars which are covered with binder leaves and then wrapper leaves, or unrolled cigars primarily made of cigar leaves, giving off a distinctive cigar aroma.4. Snuff: Tobacco with added spices, and then dried and ground into powder used for smelling or application on gums or tongue apex.5. Chewing tobacco: Irregular small lumps or pieces of tobacco made from tobacco leaves soaked in spiced juice, used for chewing.6. Other tobacco products: Those other than the products set forth in the preceding five subparagraphs.The term "tobacco substitutes" used in Article 3, Paragraph 1 of the Act shall refer to other natural plants and processed products containing nicotine, used as substitutes for tobacco. Article 3
"Alcohol" set forth in Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Act is classified into the following categories:1.Beer: Saccharified and fermented carbonated alcoholic beverages brewed from malt and hops as primary raw materials, with or without other grains or starch as supplementary raw materials; complementary plant ingredients may or may not be added.2.Wine: Following alcoholic beverages are brewed from fermented fruits as raw materials:(1) Grape wine: Wine brewed from grapes as raw materials;(2) Other fruit wine: Wine brewed from fruits other than grapes, or from two or more kinds of fruits, as raw materials.3. Beverages brewed from grains: Saccharified and fermented alcoholic beverages brewed from grains as raw materials.4. Other brewed alcoholic beverages: Brewed alcoholic beverages other than those set forth in the preceding three subparagraphs.5. Distilled spirits: The following spirit drinks made from fruit, grain, or starch- or sugar-containing plants by saccharification or not, fermentation, and then distillation:(1)Brandy: Distilled spirits made from fruit by fermentation, distillation, and maturation in wooden casks for at least six months, with an alcohol content of not less than 36 percent.(2)Whisky: Distilled spirits made from grain by saccharification, fermentation, distillation, and maturation in wooden casks for at least two years, with an alcohol content of not less than 40 percent.(3)Clear spirits: Distilled spirits made from grain as raw materials by saccharification, fermentation, distillation, maturation, and blending, using various yeasts or enzymes and ferments.(4)Rice spirits：Distilled spirits made from rice as raw materialthrough the process of liquidization, saccharification, fermentation, and distillation, using koji or enzymes.(5)Other distilled spirits: Distilled spirits other than those set forth in the preceding four items.6. Reprocessed alcoholic beverages: Alcoholic beverages utilizing edible ethyl alcohol, brewed alcoholic beverages or distilled spirits as a base, with additional complementary animal or plant ingredients, medicinal materials, minerals, or other food additives for reprocessing, and having an extract content of not less than two percent of the total volume.7. Cooking alcohols: Alcohols exclusively used for cooking as follows:(1) General cooking wine: Alcoholic beverages made for cooking from grains or other starch-containing plants with additional edible ethyl alcohol after saccharification as a base, or using edible ethyl alcohol, fermented alcohol, or distilled spirits directly as a base with a salt content of 0.5 percent or greater, and with or without additional flavors. The aforesaid salt content of 0.5 percent or greater shall refer to each 100 ml of cooking alcoholic beverages containing 0.5g salt or greater.(2) Cooking rice wine: Alcohol products made from rice as a raw material through the process of saccharification, fermentation, distillation, either blended or not blended with edible ethyl alcohol. The alcohol content for the rice wine shall not exceed 20 percent of the total volume. The labeling of ‘exclusively used for cooking’ on the package is required.8. Ethyl alcohol: Undenatured ethyl alcohol with an alcohol content in excess of 90 percent as follows:(1) Edible ethyl alcohol: Undenatured ethyl alcohol, meetingNational Standard of the Republic of China (CNS) 15351 Edible Alcohol, made by the fermentation and distillation of ethyl alcohol from grains, tubers, beets, molasses, honey, fruit, or the like, and having an alcohol content of 95 percent or greater.(2) Non-edible ethyl alcohol: Undenatured ethyl alcohol other than edible ethyl alcohol set forth in the preceding sub-item, with an alcohol content in excess of 90 percent.9. Other alcoholic beverages: Other kinds of alcohol not included in those set forth in the preceding eight subparagraphs. Article 4
The "repackaging" set forth in Article 5, Paragraph 2 of the Act shall refer to unsealing bulk tobacco or alcohol or such product packed in larger weight, quantity, or volume for repackaging or distributing into smaller packages or bottles without conducting any other manufacturing or processing activities.The processing activities referred to in the preceding paragraph shall exclude those processing activities with the authorization of the original manufacturers and not changing the original brands. Article 5
The term agricultural organizations set forth in Article 9, Paragraph 2 of the Act shall refer to farmers' associations, agricultural production and marketing departments, cooperative farms, or other agricultural organizations. Article 6
The addresses as referred to in Article 31, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2 and Article 32, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 5 of the Act shall include the contents sufficient for identification and contact by consumers.The major raw materials as referred to in Article 31, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 4 of the Act shall be listed in a decreasing order according to their respective proportions. Article 7
The term "medical or health" in Article 32, Paragraph 2 and Article 37, Subparagraph 5 of the Act shall mean language or effects indicative of medical effectiveness or efficacy for health. Article 8
Labeling, advertising, or promotion which will mislead people to believe that a product is a tobacco or alcohol product as set forth in Article 34 of the Act shall refer to words or patterns used on the inside or outside packaging, or used by a mean set out in Article 10, Paragraph 1, which could mislead consumers to believe the product is a tobacco or alcohol product. Article 9
The warning text displayed pursuant to Article 35 of the Act shall be in the Chinese language, and the font may not be smaller thanthree centimeters in both length and width. The warning text in any subparagraph of Article 35 may be displayed together with the warning image prohibiting drinking and driving (see attached image); the warning text in Subparagraph 1 thereof is required to be displayed together with the warning image prohibiting drinking and driving.The warning image and texts referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be securely attached at the entrance and exit, or other appropriate locations, of the alcohol retail venue, so that they are clearly visible to consumers, and may not be moved or concealed by any means. Appendix：The Warning Image of Prohibiting Drinking and Driving.DOC 
