Article 1
In order to supervise and oversee financial markets, bill markets, financial holding companies and banks, Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) has established Banking Bureau (hereinafter referred to as “the Bureau). The Bureau is also responsible for stipulating, planning and implementing the policies and regulations related to the above areas. Article 2
The Bureau is in charge of the stipulating, planning and implementing of the following tasks:1. Supervise and manage all types of affairs related to banks, financial holdings companies, credit cooperatives, bills houses, trust businesses, financial asset and real estate securitization. 2. Supervise and manage the foreign bank branches and representative offices.3. Supervise and manage the financial cards business and oversee the related institutions. 4. The acknowledgement and management of the impartial third party as provided by the Financial Institutions Merger Act. 5. Supervise and manage service enterprise engaged in interbank credit information processing and exchange, as well as in deposit insurance. 6. Collaborate with Ministry of Transportation and Communications on the supervision and management of postal savings and remittances business.7. Supervise and manage the foreign exchange administrations. 8. Deal with the audit reports of financial institutions supervised by the Bureau, and implement necessary tracking and evaluation. 9. Undertake any task to protect the consumers that is related to the Bureau. 10. Supervise and manage all businesses referred to in the preceding 9 subparagraphs, as well as financially incorporated foundations, and financial associations. 11. Supervise and manage any other affairs related to financial markets, bill markets, financial holdings companies and banks. Article 3
The Bureau is constituted with one director-general (graded with 13th senior-level), and two deputy director-general (graded with 12th senior-level). Article 4
The Bureau is constituted with one chief secretary graded with 11th senior-level. Article 5
The grade and the number of staffs for each occupational title in the Bureau will be subject to another organization chart. Article 6
The effective date of this law shall be subject to the official order of the Executive Yuan. 
