Article 1
This Law is stipulated based on Article 16-1 of the Organic Law in Ministry of Finance. Article 2
The Monetary Affairs Bureau (hereinafter referred to as “the Bureau”) is accountable for the following responsibilities:1. Plan the overall framework of banking system.2. Stipulate, answer questions and review any laws related to banking industry. 3. Deal with the establishment, alteration, suspension and dissolution of all financial insttitutions.4. Investigate and research domestic and international trend in the financial markets.5. Take charge of administrative management of financial markets. 6. Manage, review and approve requests from financial institutions. 7. Handle all the financial administration involving foreign affairs. 8. Take charge of regular auditing for financial institutions. 9. Take care of any administrative affairs related to foreign exchange10. Manage the overall issuance of any type of lottery11. Supervise and approve specified representatives employed in financial institutions.12. Take charge of any crackdowns or remedial action on the violation of financial regulations.13. Handle any other affiars related to management of financial industry. Article 3
The Bureau comprises 6 divisions in charge of different responsibilities as aforementioned. And each division may be divided into sections. Article 4
The Bureau has Secretariat Office, which is in charge of adminsitration, chops on official documents, facilitating meetings, administrative affairs, teller and any affairs not belonging to any other division or office. Article 5
The Bureau is consittuted with one director-general, graded with 13th senior-level, who is in charge of the overall management of the Bureau. The Bureau is constituted with two deputy director-general, graded with 12th senior-level, who assist the director-general to oversee the Bureau. Article 6
The Bureau is consituted with one chief secretary and 6 directors; all of them are graded with 11th senior-level. There are 6-12 deputy directors, and another 5-7 assistant directors; all of them are graded with 9th medial-level to 10th senior-level; 18-24 chiefs (graded with 9th medial-level); 12-16 secretaries and 35-50 auditors, all of them are graded with 8th-9th medial level. Among them, there are 4 secretaries, 12 auditors (graded with 10th senior-level); 23-45 specialists (graded with 7th-8th medial level); and 53-84 audit officers (graded with 6th-7th medial evel). In addition, there are 30-50 officers (graded with 4th-5th junior level), among them, 13 officers can be graded with 6th-7th medial level; 10-16 junior officers (graded with 3th-5th junior level), and 8-12 associate clerks (graded with 1th-3th junior-level). Article 7
The Human Resources Department in the Bureau is constituted with one diretor(graded with 9th medial-level to 10th senior-level).Subject to the related laws, the Human Resources Department is in charge of human resources management. The qualified staff for the functions in the Human Resources Department are designated from internal talent pool. Article 8
The Accounting Department in the Bureau has one director (graded with 9th medial-level to 10th senior-level ). Subject to the related laws, the Accounting Department is responsible for budgeting and accounting. The qualified staff for the functions in the Accounting Department should be employed according to the stipulation of the number of staffs provided by this law. Article 9
The Statistics Department in the Bureau has one director (graded with 9th medial-level to 10th senior-level). Subject to the related laws, the Statistics Department is responsible for all statistics-related affairs. The qualified staff for the functions in the Accounting Department should be employed according to the stipulation of the number of staffs provided by this law . Article 10
The Bureau may establish an office based on the need of business. The related organization charter is subject to the laws. Article 11
The qualification of all the staff listed above should comply with the Government Employees Employment Law.The occupational category of the staff should be subject to the related regulations provided by Article 8 of Government Employees Employment Law. Article 12
The Bureau may employ consultants or researches who are speclized in finance, banking, laws and information technology based on the pertinent employmenet laws. Article 13
All the official documents issued to the external parties should be distributed in the name of the Ministry of Finance with the exception of the following (which may be dispatched in the name of Banking Bureau):1. The executoin of any tasks required to be supervised based on pertinent laws. 2. The excution of any tasks guided and subject to pertinent laws stipulated by the Ministry of Finance.3. Any items that have been reported to the Ministry of Finance for approval. Article 14
The details of the process for hanlding all types of tasks shall be decided by the Bureau and reported to the Ministry of Finance for apprvoal. Article 15
The Charter, and the articles stated herewith, takes effect upon the date of promulgation. 
