Article 1
The Financial Supervisory Commission establishes the Securities and Futures Bureau (SFB) for purposes of the supervision and regulation of the securities and futures markets and securities and futures enterprises, and the formulation, planning, and implementation of related policies, laws, and regulations. Article 2
The SFB shall be in charge of the formulation, planning, and implementation of the following matters:1. Supervision and regulation of public companies and of the offering, issuance, listing, and over-the-counter trading of securities.2. Supervision and regulation of the review and trading of futures trading contracts.3. Supervision and regulation of securities and futures enterprises.4. Supervision and regulation of foreign investment in domestic securities and futures markets.5. Supervision and regulation of securities industry associations, futures industry associations, and related foundations.6. Supervision and regulation of securities investment trust funds and securities margin transactions.7. Supervision and regulation of the auditing and attestation of financial reports of public companies by certified public accountants.8. Protection of securities investors and futures traders.9. Processing of examination reports on financial institutions related to the functions of the SFB and conducting necessary follow-up and assessments.10. Supervision and regulation of other matters in connection with securities and futures enterprises. Article 3
The SFB shall have one director general, who shall be a regularly appointed senior civil servant at occupational grade 13, and two deputy directors general, who shall be regularly appointed senior civil servants at occupational grade 12. Article 4
The SFB shall have one secretary general, who shall be a regularly appointed senior civil servant at occupational grade 11. Article 5
The civil service rank, occupational grade, and staffing quotas for each occupational title within the SFB shall be separately specified in a personnel organization table. Article 6
The date for enforcement of this Act shall be set by an order of the Executive Yuan. 
