Article 1
The Act is established in accordance with Article 9 of the Organization Law of the Ministry of Finance. Article 2
The Department of National Treasury of the Ministry of Finance (hereinafter referred to as "the Department") is in charge of the following matters:1. Oversee the planning, operational supervision, assessment of the treasury system, and to execute administrative monitoring of the local government treasuries;2. Oversee the drafting of the central government fiscal revenue/expenditure, budgetary balancing, revenue/expenditure allocation, and treasury finance maneuver;3. Recommend means to enhance the central government's fiscal finance efficiency, and reduction of unnecessary fiscal expenditures;4. Oversee the management and assessment of special funds, other government funds and funds entrusted for safekeeping;5. Execute joint review on treasury allocated investment plans;6. Oversee the dispatch, monitoring and assessment of collective dispatch of treasury funding expenditures;7. Oversee the development, issuance, printing, safekeeping of government bonds, treasury bills and foreign debt, and the drafting, review of related legal requirements and contracts;8. Oversee the repayment of government bonds, treasury bills, foreign debt, and the management of government funds;9. Oversee the supervision and assessment of local government bonds;10. Oversee treasury-guaranteed local and foreign loans and planning measures;11. Oversee the developmental and monitoring of local government fiscal finances;12. Oversee the management, supervision and assessment of tobacco and alcohol and their enterprises;13. Oversee the disposition and assessment of local and foreign donations;14. Oversee treasury revenue/expenditure accounting, statistics and compilation;15. Oversee other treasury-related implements. Article 3
The Department is supported by five sections, which collectively man measures as enlisted in the preceding Article, and may appoint subsections to carry out the implements. Article 4
The Department is to install a secretarial assistance office, which is in charge of word processing, endorsement authentication, cashiering, general affairs, meeting arrangements, compilation and printing, manuscript proofread, research and development, monitory assessment and measures that do not fall under any the house operating units. Article 5
The Department may appoint one director, whose position is classified as assessed appointment on job class 13, and is to oversee overall administrative operations; one to two deputy directors, whose positions are classified as assessed appointment on job class 12, and are to facilitate in carrying out administrative operations. Article 6
The Department may appoint one secretary general, five section chiefs, whose positions are classified as assessed appointment on job class 11; five vice section chiefs, whose positions are classified as assessed appointment on job class 10; three to five specialized committee panel, whose positions are classified as referral appointment on job classes 9 to 10; fifteen to twenty unit chiefs, whose positions are classified as referral appointment on job class 9; two secretaries, one inspector, thirteen to twenty-one auditors, whose positions are classified as referral appointment on job classes 8 to 9; twenty-five to thirty-five specialists, whose positions are referral appointment on job classes 7 to 8; thirty-four to forty unit staffers, whose positions are contract appointment on job class 5 or referral appointment on job classes 6 to 7; six to eight general administrative staffers, whose positions are classified as contract appointment on job classes 3 through 5; four to six clerks, whose positions are classified as contract appointment on job classes 1 through 3. Article 7
The Department may appoint a human resources office, which is manned by one director, whose job is classified as referral appointment on job class 9, and is to carry out personnel management related measures as per legal requirements; the rest of the working personnel are to be filled in accordance with the staffing quota as cited herein. Article 8
The Department may appoint an accounting office, which is headed by one director, whose position has been defined as a referral appointment on job class 9, and is to carry out fiscal reconciliatory, accounting and statistical measures according to legal requirements; the rest of the working personnel are to be filled in accordance with staffing quota as cited herein. Article 9
The Department may appoint an anti-corruption office, which is headed by one director, whose position has been defined as a referral appointment on job class 9, and is to carry out ways and means related measures according to legal requirements; the rest of the working personnel are to be filled in accordance with staffing quota as cited herein. Article 10
The job classification system required for personnel with official ranks as cited under Article 5 through Article 9 herein may commensurate to pertinent job classification system as stipulated under Article 8 of the Public Servant Appointment and Employment Regulations. Article 11
The Department is to draft an administration implementation rule, to be reported to the Ministry of Finance for approval. Article 12
The Act shall come into force on the date of promulgation. 
