Article 1
The Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 49 of Customs Act. Article 2
The term “relief articles” in the Regulations is defined as the articles imported by or donated to government agencies or public welfare and charity societies engaged in relief services (hereunder referred to as “the applicant”). The scopes are listed as follows:1. Gratuitous donation of clothes, shoes, quilts, mattresses, food provisions, medicine and other necessary daily commodities.2. The medical devices, originally-equipped ambulances, and originally-equipped medical tour vehicles necessary for engaging in free volunteer medical consultation.3. Disability apparatuses helpful to disability rehabilitation, machines and tools for producing disability apparatuses, and devices for training disability skills.4. Gratuitous machines, tools, materials, seeds, livestock, poultry, etc., for assisting poor people in earning their livelihood.5. The articles, such as food supplies, medical medicine and apparatuses, engineering machinery, tools (machines) and equipment, and machines and medicaments used for environment cleaning and sterilization, necessary for disaster relief and reconstruction in a disaster area.The Regulations are not applicable to the articles for the applicant’s own use or for the use other than relief purpose.The purposes for the relief articles in the Regulations shall be limited to gratuitous help provided for old, weak, poor, sick, or disabled people, or for the purpose of emergent disaster relief.The term “public welfare and charity societies” in the Regulations is defined as the domestic legal person that has been established according to the laws or governmental approvals to engage in public welfare or charity relief without any compensation.The scopes of the duty exemption set up in the Regulations are the exemption of the necessary duty leviable on relief articles imported from abroad. Article 3
When applying for duty exemption of relief article importations, the applicant shall prepare the application form (the format is shown in Appendix 1) along with four copies of each following document, and file them to the Ministry of Interior for further review and then transfer them to the Ministry of Finance for review and approval.1. Copies of the proofs of the donated articles or self-purchased, and copies of the necessary proofs of Import Permits.2. List of Relief Articles (the format is shown in Appendix 2)3. Relief Article Allocation Plan (the format is shown in Appendix 3)4. Letter of Commitment (the format is shown in Appendix 4)For the articles referred to in Subparagraph 5, Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article, if the applicant fails to finish the procedure in time according to the preceding Paragraph before importation, the duty exemption of the importations could be permitted after the applicant enters into a recognizance which stated that the articles are used for the purposes of disaster relief and reconstruction to the Customs at the original port of entry. However, the applicant shall process a supplementary procedure pursuant to the preceding Paragraph within two months from the next day after the cargo is released.If the applicant fails to process a supplementary procedure according to the preceding Paragraph by the deadline, the applicant shall pay the duty in accordance with the relevant articles of Customs Act. Appendix 1Application Form for Duty Exemption of Relief Article Importations.DOCAppendix 2List of Imported Relief Articles.DOCAppendix 3Relief Article Allocation Plan.DOCAppendix 4Letter of Commitment.DOC 
