Article 1
The Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 7 and Paragraph 3, Article 8 of the Money Laundering Control Act. Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows: 1. The term “a certain amount” shall mean NT00,000 (including the foreign currency equivalent thereof).2. The term “cash transaction” shall mean cash receipt or payment in a single transaction (including all transactions recorded on cash deposit or withdrawal vouchers for accounting purpose), or the transaction of currency exchange.　 Article 3
Financial institutions shall comply with the following provisions with respect to cash transactions above a certain amount:1. Verify the identity of the customer by checking his or her identity (ID) document or passport and record the customer’s name, date of birth, address, telephone, account number, amount of transaction, and ID number. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in case that a customer engaging in the cash transaction of an account is confirmed to be exactly the accountholder, it should be clearly noted in the transaction record rather than undertaking a repeated ID verification.2. If the transaction is conducted by an agent, check the identity of the agent by checking his or her ID document or passport and record the name, date of birth, address, and telephone of the agent, account number, amount of transaction, and ID number. 3. Each financial institution has the option to choose a method for documenting the customer verification procedure and applies the method consistently throughout the entire institution.4. Keep the originals of the verification record and proof of transaction for five years. Article 4
Financial institutions shall file a report on a cash transaction above a certain amount with the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice within five (5) business days after the completion of the transaction via electronic media (see Attachment 1 for file format). A financial institution may file such a report in hard copy (see Attachment 2 for format), provided it is unable to file the report via electronic media with good cause and has acquired the approval of the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice. Attachment 1 Cash Transaction File Layout.docAttachment 2 (Reporting Entity)Cash Transaction Report.doc 
