Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 62 of the Securities and Exchange Act. Article 2
The term "trading of securities on the Taipei Exchange (TPEx)" as used in these Regulations means that the securities are not traded by competitive auction on the central stock exchange, but rather are traded over the counter specially provided by securities firms, and such trading may simply be referred to as "TPEx Trading." Article 3
Securities firms operating TPEx trading shall report to the Financial Supervisory Commission (hereinafter called "the Commission") for its approval pursuant to the relevant rules. Article 4
Securities traded on the TPEx shall be limited to stocks that are publicly issued pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act but not traded on the central stock exchange, and other securities designated by the Commission. Article 5
Except for bonds issued by the government and other securities designated by the Commission for handling by the Commission on its authority, the issuers of other securities shall file an application with the Taipei Exchange for TPEx listing or registration.Where the stocks or bonds of corporations are already traded on the TPEx, and such corporations issue new shares or re-issue bonds, in addition to handling such pursuant to the related provisions and regulations, such corporations shall also report to the TPEx within 30 days of the issuance. Article 6
TPEx trading of securities shall be effected on a spot cash and stock basis. Article 7
The TPEx shall prescribe Rules Governing Securities Trading on the TPEx by including the following items and report to the Commission for its approval:1.The application for and the termination of TPEx trading of securities.2.Trading on behalf of itself or on behalf of clients and the way of differentiating both.3.The way to execute the brokerage trading contract.4.The business hours and the unit of trading.5.The way to publicly disclose trading price.6.The unit or range of price increase or price decrease and the standard for determining price for initial TPEx trading.7.The timing and method of clearing and settlement.8.The transfer procedure of traded securities.9.The arbitration and handling of the disputes of securities trading and violation of regulations.10.Other related items of TPEx Trading. Article 8
The TPEx shall prescribe Rules Governing the Review of Securities for Trading on the TPEx and report to the Commission for its approval. Article 9
When the TPEx considers securities to be qualified for TPEx trading, it shall sign the contract for securities trading on the TPEx with their issuer, and report to the Commission for recordation. Article 10
The termination of the TPEx trading of securities shall be reported by the TPEx to the Commission for recordation pursuant to the provisions of related laws and regulations or the contract of the preceding Article. Article 11
Suspension or resumption of TPEx trading of securities by the TPEx pursuant to the provisions of related laws or regulations, the TPEx trading contract, or for the protection of the public interest shall be reported to the Commission for recordation. Article 12
Where the issuers of securities traded on the TPEx violate the Securities and Exchange Act or the order promulgated pursuant thereto, the Commission for the protection of public interest may order the TPEx to suspend or terminate the trading of the securities. Article 13
TPEx trading of registered securities shall be endorsed by the holder thereof. Article 14
Brokerage trading fee rates shall be reported to the Commission for its approval by the Securities Dealers Association after consultation with the TPEx. Article 15
Securities firms handling brokerage trading of securities shall prepare and deliver a TPEx trade report to the principle when a trade is executed. Article 16
Where the situations described in Article 156 of the Securities and Exchange Act occur to securities traded on the TPEx, paragraph 3 of Article 62 thereof shall be applicable by mutatis mutandis application of the provisions of Article 156 thereof by the Commission. Article 17
The issuers of securities of TPEx traded securities, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, shall at the end of each semi-annual business year and within 15 days of completing settlement of accounts report to the Commission and publicly announce the financial statement audited and attested by a certified public accountant.The financial statement of the preceding paragraph shall be copied and sent to the TPEx for the public to review. Article 18
These Regulations shall take force from the date of promulgation.With the exception of Articles 5, 9, 10 and 11 as amended and issued on 28 September 2001, which take force on 1 January 2002, all other amended articles herein shall take force on the date of promulgation. 
