Chapter 1 General ProvisionArticle 1　 These Regulations are promulgated in accordance with Paragraph 2, Article 117 of the Banking Act (referred to as the "Act" hereunder).Article 2　 A foreign bank, which meets the following requirements, may apply for the approval for the establishment of a branch within the jurisdiction of the Republic of China (ROC):1. The said foreign bank shall not have committed any major regulatory violation within the last five years;2. The said foreign bank shall be ranked, in terms of capital or assets, among the top five hundred banks in the world within one year prior to application, or shall have conducted transactions with the banks and enterprises in the ROC in an aggregate amount of more than one billion U.S. Dollars in three calendar years prior to application, of which no less than one hundred and eighty million U.S. Dollars shall have been in the form of medium or long term credits. Where there are special provisions in an economic and trade agreement signed by the ROC and the home country of the said foreign bank, such special provisions shall prevail;3. The said foreign bank shall engage in international banking business with a good credit rating, a sound financial structure and the ratio of its capital/risk-weighted assets complying with the standards prescribed by the competent authority;4. The said foreign bank shall designate a branch manager who has sufficient experience in international finance and the management of international banking operations;5. Both the banking competent authority and the head office in the home country of the said foreign bank shall have the capability to supervise all of its foreign branch offices on a consolidated basis; and the bank shall have obtained the approval of the competent authority in the home country to open a branch in the ROC and agree to cooperate with the competent authorities in the ROC in the supervision and management of the foreign bank's branch in the ROC; and6. No other facts indicate that the sound business operations of the said foreign bank may be hindered.A foreign bank, which has established branch offices within the jurisdiction of the Republic of China, may assume all or major portion of the assets or liabilities of another foreign bank. The said foreign bank planning to establish a new branch concurrently in the ROC shall be subject to Article 8 [of these Regulations].Where a foreign bank that does not have a ROC branch, and, as a result of its head office merging with another bank, or where a foreign bank acquires more than 50% shares of another bank, thus acquires the assets or liabilities of a ROC bank branch, and said foreign bank meets the requirements of Article 2 Paragraph 1, then Article 6 shall apply to the concurrent establishment of a branch in the ROC.Article 3　 A foreign bank that has been approved to establish a branch in the ROC shall allocate a minimum operating capital of NT50,000,000 if the said foreign bank plans to accept deposit of less than NT,500,000 from individuals and will have more than five hundred such accounts, and the total amount of deposits of less than NT,500,000 from individuals exceeds 1 percent of total amount of New Taiwan Dollar deposits accepted by the said foreign bank. A foreign bank shall allocate a minimum operating capital of NT00,000,000 for its branch if the said foreign bank does not plan to offer retail deposit business or if its retail deposit business will not reach the thresholds set forth above.For each additional branch a foreign bank has been approved to establish, the said foreign bank shall allocate a minimum operating capital of NT50,000,000 for its new branch if the said foreign bank plans to accept deposit of less than NT,500,000 from individuals and will have more than five hundred such accounts, and the total amount of deposits of less than NT,500,000 from individuals exceeds 1 percent of total amount of NT Dollar deposits accepted by the said foreign bank. A foreign bank shall allocate a minimum operating capital of NT00,000,000 for its new branch if the said foreign bank does not plan to offer retail deposit business or if its retail deposit business will not reach the thresholds set forth above.The operating capital referred to in the preceding two paragraphs shall be booked on a consolidated basis in the account of its first branch established upon the recognition of the foreign bank or any other branch of such foreign bank as may be designated by the competent authority.A foreign bank's branch which intends to increase the amount of operating capital shall obtain the prior approvals of the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of China.Article 4　 The term "representative office" as used in these Regulations shall mean the representative office of a foreign bank established in the ROC in accordance with Article 117, Paragraph 1 of Banking Law and Article 386 of the ROC Company Law.The permissible activities of the representative office of a foreign bank are limited to collection of commercial and market information and business liaison.Article 5　 A foreign bank which meets the following qualifications may apply to establish a representative office in the ROC:1. The said foreign bank shall not have committed any major regulatory violation within the past three years;2. The said foreign bank shall be ranked, in terms of capital or assets, among the top one thousand banks in the world within one year prior to application, or shall have conducted transactions with the banks or enterprises of the ROC in the aggregated amount of more than three hundred million U.S. Dollars during the last three calendar years prior to application.Where there are special provisions in an economic and trade agreement signed by the ROC and the home country of the said foreign bank, such special provisions shall prevail;3. The said foreign bank shall have a good credit rating and sound financial condition, and the competent authorities in its home country have approved its establishment of a representative office in the ROC.A foreign bank shall be limited to establish only one representative office in the ROC.Chapter 2 Foreign Bank BranchesArticle 6　 A foreign bank wishing to establish a branch in the ROC shall submit the following documents to the competent authority for approval:1. Application (as per Attachment 1);2. A feasibility study, which shall include the following particulars:(1) The business strategic consideration for the establishment of the proposed ROC branch, including the operation strategy of the head office and a comparison of the political, economic, trade and financial situations of countries neighboring the ROC;(2) An (acknowledgement of its) understanding of the laws, tax system, banking laws and regulations, and banking system of the ROC; and(3) An analysis of the business benefits to be derived in the ROC and the feasibility thereof, including analysis of its potential competitors in Taiwan, the situation of bilateral trade, cross border investments and business opportunities between the ROC and the foreign bank's home country, and any corresponding banks, customers and their dealings with the bank.3. Bank profile, including:(1) Organization: A description of the brief history of the foreign bank (including any mergers/acquisitions ), its major departments, worldwide branches and network, its holding company and subsidiaries and the relevant shareholding information as well as their business operations, and the head office's supervision and management of its overseas branches (including the scope and frequency of bank audits);(2) Introduction of its businesses, including the scope and focuses of its businesses, and comparative analysis of its assets, liabilities, profits and losses for the last three years;(3) Principal Responsible Persons and Shareholders: Roster and background of its chairman, general manager, head of its international division and any shareholder holding 10% or more [of its issued capital] as well as the top ten shareholders;(4) Home Country Introduction, including an analysis of the home country's country risk as assessed by a reputable publication, a description of the financial system of the home country, name of the home country regulator and its authority, as well as the scope and frequency of bank examinations, a description of the deposit insurance system, a description of any regulatory measures on foreign exchange transactions and outward/inward fund remittances as may be imposed by the regulator, and a description of the regulator's restrictions, if any, in respect of foreign banks' establishment and business operation of in such home country.4. The foreign bank's ranking among the world's leading banks by capital or assets for the prior year, as well as the credit rating of the foreign bank by a globally recognized rating agency.5. A self-assessment regarding the foreign bank's compliance with laws and regulations and the integrity of its business operations, as well as an explanation of any [legal/regulatory] violations, frauds, or disciplinary actions imposed on the foreign bank within the past five years.6. A document issued by the financial regulator of the foreign bank's home country approving the establishment of a branch in the ROC;7. A document issued by the financial regulator of the foreign bank's home country stating its willingness to cooperate with the ROC in sharing the supervisory and regulatory responsibility for the foreign bank, as well as a document [issued by such regulator] confirming the soundness of the foreign bank's business and financial conditions;8. A letter of undertaking issued by the head office of the foreign bank promising to provide necessary (contingent) liquidity and financial support to branches in the ROC;9. The resume and associated evidentiary documents of the proposed manager for the ROC branch;10. The business plan of the branch, including:(1) Market and business strategy and plan for future growth;(2) The proposed business scope, general market condition for the main business items, and the plan for such business operations;(3) The proposed internal organization and division of labor, organization chart as related to the head office, and the plan for staffing, hiring and training;(4) Any operating rules or guidelines, risk management system, internal controls and audit system; and(5) A projection of assets, liabilities, profits and losses for the next three years, and an explanation of the basis for such projections.11. Authenticated minutes of the board resolution approving the filing of an application to establish a branch in the ROC or an equivalent document thereof.12. A certification by a certified public accountant of the bank's ratio of capital to risk-weighted assets as of the end of the latest fiscal year.13. The Power of Attorney issued by a responsible person of the head office authorizing a lawyer or certified public accountant to file the application for approval to establish a branch in the ROC;14. The income statements and balance sheets of the bank for the last three years certified by a certified public accountant;15. Documentation proving the due incorporation and existence of the bank as a legal entity and the banking license issued by the regulator in the home country.16. An authenticated copy of the bank's articles of incorporation.17. Authenticated letter of authorization designating an agent for litigious and non-litigious matters in the ROC.18. With respect to a foreign bank ranking outside top five hundred in capital or total assets worldwide for the year prior to submission of the application , statistics regarding the foreign bank's total transaction volume with the banks and enterprises in the ROC during the three calendar years prior to submission of the application;19. A declaration of the agent for litigious and non-litigious matters in the ROC (see Attachment 2); and20. Such other information or documents as may be required by the competent authority.Any authentication of the documents referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be done by a notary public in the foreign bank's home country or by a ROC consulate or its equivalent.Attachment 1Application for Establishment of Branch in ROC by Foreign Banks.PDFAttachment 2Declaration of Foreign Bank's Agent for Litigious and Non-litigious Matters in the ROC.PDF
