Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are adopted pursuant to Article 137, paragraph 2 and Article 176 of the Insurance Act.Chapter 2 EstablishmentArticle 2　 When application is made to establish an insurance company, the company's minimum paid-in capital is NT billion. The capital contributions of promoters and shareholders shall be limited to cash.Article 3　 To establish an insurance company, the promoters shall at the time of application for an establishment permit make share payments equivalent to at least 20 percent of minimum paid-in capital; the payments shall be deposited into a segregated account as set out in Article 7, paragraph 1.Article 4　 The directors, supervisors, and managerial officers of an insurance company shall meet the qualification requirements set out in the Regulations Governing Required Qualifications for Responsible Persons of Insurance Enterprises (the "Regulations Governing Qualifications"). A person to whom any one of the situations set out in Article 3, paragraph 1 of those Regulations applies may not act as promoter of an insurance company.Where a promoter, director, or supervisor is a juristic person, the preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis to its representative or designated representative performing duties on its behalf.Article 5　 Unless special approval has been granted by the competent authority, an insurance company that has received an establishment permit shall, prior to commencing business operations, have its principal computer systems in operation and ensure that they have passed inspection by the competent authority or an organization designated thereby.Article 6　 To establish an insurance company, the promoters shall submit the following documents, each in triplicate, to apply with the competent authority for an establishment permit:1. Application form for insurance company establishment permit (format as in Attachment 1).2. Business plan, specifying the business scope, business principles and policies, and specific implementation methods (including premises and facilities, internal organization and segregation of duties, personnel recruitment and training, business development plan, financial forecasts for the coming five years, and policy on reinsurance).3. A register of promoters and relevant evidentiary documentation (format as in Attachment 2).4. Promoters meeting minutes.5. A statement affirming that none of the disqualifying conditions listed under Article 3, paragraph 1 of the Regulations Governing Qualifications applies to any of the applicant's promoters or other responsible persons (format as in Attachment 3).6. Proof that the promoters have made full payment for shares in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.7. An explanation of the sources of the promoters' funds (format as in Attachment 3-1).8. The offering circular.9. Documents evidencing the qualifications of the persons expected to be appointed as general manager, assistant general managers, and deputy assistant general managers.10. Articles of incorporation.11. Review opinions by a certified public account, a lawyer, and an actuary.12. The responsibilities of the board of directors, and segregation of duties between the board of directors and management.13. Other documents as required by the competent authority.Where the information recorded in the documents referred to in the preceding paragraph is incomplete or insufficient, the application shall be dismissed. If the deficiency can be supplemented or corrected, but this is not done within the time limit set by the competent authority, the application shall be dismissed.After an insurance company has received its establishment permit, if false information is discovered in any of the documents that it submitted pursuant to paragraph 1 the competent authority may void the permit.Attachment 1Application by Insurance Company for Establishment Permit.docAttachment 2ARegister of Insurance Company Promoters：Natural Persons.docAttachment 2BRegister of Insurance Company Promoters：Juristic Persons.docAttachment 3-1Sources of Promoters'Funds.docAttachment 3AUndertaking (by natural person).docAttachment 3BUndertaking (by juristic person).doc
