Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article101 of the Customs Act. Article 2
The term “office hours” stated in the Regulations refers to the official office hours of the customs offices, that is, from Mondays through Fridays, from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. However, this does not include customs offices operating under double duty shifts, or open twenty-four hours for customs clearance processing, or open for customs clearance processing due to special circumstances as provided in the official Customs bulletin. Article 3
A special cargo inspection fee in the amount of One Thousand Three Hundred NT Dollars per import declaration form shall be levied on import or export cargo approved by the Customs for inspection under the following conditions.1. The inspection of cargo stored at locations outside the Customs registered warehouses, container terminals, air cargo terminals and the vacant spaces of the unloading piers.2. Re-inspection or special inspection procedures on import or export cargo conducted upon the request of the cargo owner,3. Inspection of import or export cargo for ship (aircraft) side release;4. A second customs inspection procedure conducted due to the omission of the cargo owner or the customs clearance agent, or5. Cargo inspection procedures conducted outside office hours.Where the same cargo owner simultaneously submits two or more import declaration forms or export declaration forms, and such forms are for the same type of cargo scheduled for inspection at the same time and place, a single-time cargo special inspection fee shall be imposed on such cargo. Article 4
A special surveillance fee shall be imposed pursuant to the following rates on cargo requiring the customs’ appointment of an inspector to institute necessary surveillance procedures. However, no special surveillance fee shall be required in case of independent administration as approved by the customs.1. A special surveillance fee of Two Thousand NT Dollars per shift shall be imposed per ship (aircraft).2. A special surveillance fee of One Thousand NT Dollars per shift shall be imposed for each container terminal, air cargo terminal, import or export warehouse, bonded warehouse, or duty-free shop.3. A special surveillance fee of Four Hundred Fifty NT Dollars per shift shall be imposed for each bonded cargo transportation vehicle and other vehicles.The term, “per shift”, referred in the foregoing special surveillance fee may either be the day shift (from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.) or a night shift (from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. of the following day) duty personnel; where inspection time is under one full shift time, inspection period shall be counted as one shift period.Where the payable special surveillance fee of cargo referred in Paragraph 1 is placed under provisional seizure by the court due to the processing of customs related cases, no special surveillance fee is imposed during the seizure period.The service item, duty levy standards and the obliged duty-payers in Paragraph 1 are as provided in Attachment 1. Attachment 1.doc 
