Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 1, Article 6, Paragraph 4, Article 19, Paragraph 1, Article 29, and Paragraph 3 of Article 38 of the Real Estate Securitization Act (“the Act”). Article 2
These Regulations shall apply to the public offering or private placement of real estate investment trust (REIT) beneficiary securities or real estate asset trust (REAT) beneficiary securities (“beneficiary securities”) by a trustee; matters not provided for in these Regulations, the provisions of other acts and regulations shall apply. Article 3
The terms used in these Regulations shall be defined as follows: 1.“Public offering” shall mean an act of publicly offering beneficiary securities to unspecified persons. 2.“Private placement” shall mean an act of offering beneficiary securities to specific persons. 3.“Additional public offering” shall mean an act of offering beneficiary securities in addition to the total amount that has been approved or effectively registered. 4.“Additional private placement” shall mean an act of privately placing beneficiary securities in addition to the total amount that has been approved or effectively registered.5.“Application for approval” shall mean the Competent Authority reviewing relevant documents submitted by a trustee and granting approval if no irregular circumstances are found. 6.“Effective registration” shall mean a trustee duly preparing all relevant documents as required and filing them with the Competent Authority for registration, and the registration becoming effective within a prescribed number of business days from the date on which the Competent Authority receives the registration documents, except where the registration documents are incomplete, or the required information is not fully provided, or supplemental information or clarification is required for the protection of public interest, or the filing is rejected by the Competent Authority. Article 4
A trustee that publicly offers or additionally offers a closed-end REIT fund or REAT beneficiary securities shall, prior to approval by the Competent Authority, obtain a consent letter for exchange listing or OTC listing issued by the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation (“TSEC”) or Gretai Securities Market (“GTSM”). The preceding provision does not apply to a trustee that plans to make public offering or additional public offering of beneficiary certificates overseas. Article 5
A trustee that plans to make public offering or additional public offering of beneficiary securities, or plans to make offering or additional public offering of beneficiary securities abroad to raise funds for investing in domestic real estate shall submit an application to TSEC or GTSM for review. TSEC or GTSM will forward the application along with its review opinion and a listing consent letter to the Competent Authority for approval.The trustee may proceed with the publicly offering or additional public offering after obtaining the approval of the Competent Authority. A trustee that plans to make private placement or additional private placement of beneficiary securities, or plans to make private placement or additional private placement of beneficiary securities abroad to raise funds for investing in domestic real estate shall submit an application or a registration form to the Trust Association of R.O.C. (the “Trust Association”) for review. The Trust Association will forward the application or registration form along with its review opinion to the Competent Authority for approval or effective registration. The trustee may proceed with the private placement or additional private placement after obtaining the approval of the Competent Authority or effective registration.After TSEC, GTSM or Trust Association has examined a trustee’s qualifications and the completeness of its submitted documentation, it should promptly notify the Competent Authority in writing, where the Competent Authority will contact the central competent authority of the respective industry pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 6 or Paragraph 2, Article 29 of the Act to issue a written opinion that the public offering, private placement, additional public offering or additional private placement of beneficiary securities by the trustee does not violate any act or regulation under its jurisdiction and that it is feasible.Application approval or effective registration for public offering, private placement, additional public offering or additional private placement of beneficiary securities may not be used for advertisement purpose to guarantee the authenticity of application matters or documents, or to guarantee profitability of the beneficiary securities. Article 6
A trustee that plans to make public offering or private placement of REIT beneficiary securities shall submit the following documentation to the Competent Authority when it applies for approval or effective registration according to the preceding article:1.A REIT plan. 2.A REIT contract. 3.Comparison table showing the differences between the REIT contract and a standard contract template and reasons for the differences. 4.Prospectus or investment memorandum. 5.Documentation verifying that the operations and management personnel of the REIT are in compliance with provisions stipulated by the Competent Authority. 6.Name, documentation of qualifications, and written statement of consent to be appointed, of the trust supervisor, where one is appointed. 7.Minutes of the meeting at which the board of directors of the trustee resolved to publicly offer or privately place the REIT beneficiary securities. Where a trustee is a foreign institution, it may substitute the aforesaid meeting minutes with a document signed by an authorized unit or authorized personnel of its head office. 8.Written statement explaining the methods for managing and disposing of trust property. Where a real estate management institution is appointed to manage or dispose the trust property, the appointment agreement and a comparison table showing its differences with the standard contract template and the reasons for such differences. 9.Case checklist filled out by the trustee and reviewed by a certified public accountant (“CPA”) or lawyer. 10.Written legal opinion of a lawyer. 11.Documentation verifying that consent has been obtained from the Central Bank of the Republic of China (the “Central Bank”) if a trustee intends to publicly offer or privately place overseas REIT beneficiary securities to invest in domestic real estate. 12.Documentation verifying that the trustee is in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Act. 13.Documentation verifying that the real estate management institution meets the requirements set out by the Trust Association. 14.Documentation verifying that the arranger meets the requirements set out by the Trust Association. 15.The expert issuing an opinion pursuant to Subparagraphs 5 and 7, Paragraph 1, Article 8 of the Act shall issue a written statement undertaking that he/she is not a related party or substantive related party as defined in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 6, of the trustee or trustor, and shall issue a written opinion on the income stability and the appropriateness of pricing of the trust property. An opinion on the income stability of the trust property is not required for real estate or related rights under development. 16.An appraisal report issued by a professional appraisal service in accordance with Article 22 of the Act. However, an appraisal report is not required if the object of investment is not definitive or in the case of private placement. 17.A written statement issued by the professional appraisal service in the preceding subparagraph and its appraisers undertaking that they are not related parties or substantive related parties, as defined in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 6, of the trustor or trustee. 18.A written statement issued by the trustee undertaking that the promoters are not an interested party of the trustee. However, such a statement is not required if the object of investment is not definitive. 19.Documentation issued by the promoters verifying their consent to transfer the real estate or real estate-related rights. However, such a document is not required if the object of investment is not definitive. 20.Written statements issued by the trustee and the real estate management institution regarding whether they have been subject to any disposition by any competent authority for a respective industry for violation of any act, regulation, or related provisions and ordered to cease any major business operations, in whole or in part, within the past 3 years. 21.A credit enhancement contract signed and executed between the trustee and a credit enhancement institution, and certified by a lawyer, pursuant to Article 43 of the Act. 22.A credit rating report issued by a credit rating agency, if any. 23.An opinion issued by a CPA on whether the REIT conforms to the generally accepted accounting principles.24.A financial and business self-evaluation report prepared by the promoters. 25.For effective registration cases, a written statement issued by the trustee that the beneficiary securities are free of situations provided in Article 18 herein. 26.An “evaluation report on the public offering or private placement of REIT beneficiary securities” and a “summary opinion of the trustee” issued by the trustee. 27.A statement issued by the promoters, trustors, arrangers, trustee and sales agents that they understand they may not advertise or engage in other promotional activities, or provide fund-related information to others before the Competent Authority grants approval or the registration takes effect.28.Building safety certificates of the real estate, including a notice of the public safety inspection result for the building, a document verifying the result of fire safety equipment inspection/repair report being filed with or sent to the authority for reference, and a document verifying the structural safety of building, chlorine ion content of concrete, and radiation measurement, or absence of radioactive contamination issued by an agency (institution), school or organization sanctioned by the competent authority for a respective industry.29.Other documents as required by the Competent Authority.A trustee that plans to make additional public offering or additional private placement of REIT beneficiary securities shall submit the following documentation to the Competent Authority when it applies for approval or effective registration according to the preceding article:1.Documents listed in preceding paragraph. Subparagraphs 1 to 3 and Subparagraph 8 of the preceding paragraph shall be switched to comparison table showing differences with the previous application or registration and reasons for the differences; Subparagraphs 5, 6, 12 to 14 are exempted if they are identical to the documents attached to the previous application or registration.2.Minutes of beneficiaries’meeting. Which shall include resolutions on the issuing prices of beneficiary securities in the additional public offering or additional private placement and matters regarding subscription priority given to existing beneficiary securities holders in accordance with their percentage of holding.The method for determining the issuing prices of beneficiary securities in the additional public offering or additional private placement and matters to be complied with regarding subscription priority given to existing beneficiary securities holders in accordance with their percentage of holding shall be drawn up by the Trust Association and submitted to the Competent Authority for approval. Article 7
A trustee that plans to make public offering or private placement of REAT beneficiary securities shall submit the following documentation to the Competent Authority when it applies for approval or effective registration according to Article 5 herein:1.A REAT plan.2.A REAT contract. 3.Comparison table showing the differences between the REAT contract and a standard contract template and reasons for the differences. 4.Prospectus or investment memorandum. 5.Documentation verifying that the operations and management personnel of the REAT are in compliance with the provisions stipulated by the Competent Authority. 6.Name, documentation of qualifications, and written statement of consent to be appointed, of the trust supervisor, where one is appointed. 7.Minutes of the meeting at which the board of directors of the trustee resolved to publicly offer or privately place the REAT beneficiary securities. Where a trustee is a foreign institution, it may substitute the aforementioned meeting minutes with a document signed by an authorized unit or authorized personnel of its head office. 8.Written statement explaining the methods for managing and disposing of trust property. Where a real estate management institution is appointed to manage or dispose the trust property, the appointment agreement and a comparison table showing its differences with the standard contract template and the reasons for such differences. 9.Trust property appraisal report. 10.Case checklist filled out by the trustee and reviewed by a CPA or lawyer. 11.Written legal opinion of a lawyer. 12.Documentation verifying that consent has been obtained from the Central Bank if a trustee intends to publicly offer or privately place overseas REAT beneficiary securities backed by investment in domestic real estate or real estate-related rights. 13.Documentation verifying that the trustee is in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Act. 14.Documentation verifying that the real estate management institution meets the requirements set out by the Trust Association. 15.Documentation verifying that the arranger meets the requirements set out by the Trust Association. 16.Documents required under Paragraphs 2 and 3, Article 30 of the Act. 17.The expert issuing an opinion pursuant to Item 4 of Subparagraphs 4 and Subparagraph 6, Paragraph 1, Article 31 of the Act shall issue a written statement undertaking that he/she is not a related party or substantive related party as defined in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 6, of the trustor or trustee, and shall issue a written opinion on the income stability and appropriateness of pricing of the trust property. An opinion on the income stability of the trust property is not required for real estate or related rights under development. 18.A written statement issued by the professional appraisal service and its appraisers that issue the appraisal report in accordance with Article 34 of the Act undertaking that they are not related parties or substantive related parties, as defined in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 6, of the trustor or trustee. 19.A written statement issued by the trustee that the trustor is not an interested party of the trustee, or documentation verifying that the trustor is in compliance with the proviso of Article 35 of the Act.20.Documentation issued by the trustor verifying consent to the placement of the real estate or real estate-related rights in trust. 21.Written statements issued by the trustee, real estate management institution, professional appraisers, and juristic-person trustor regarding whether they have been subject to any disposition by any competent authority for a respective industry for violation of any act, regulation, or related provisions and ordered to cease any major business operations, in whole or in part, within the past 3 years. 22.A credit enhancement contract signed and executed between the trustee and a credit enhancement institution, and certified by a lawyer,pursuant to Article 43 of the Act. 23.An opinion issued by a CPA on whether the REAT conforms to the generally accepted accounting principles. 24.A financial and business self-evaluation report prepared by the trustor. 25.For effective registration cases, a written statement issued by the trustee that the beneficiary securities are free of situations provided in Article 18 herein.26.Other documents as required by the Competent Authority.Documents required under Paragraphs 2, Article 30 of the Act as provided in Subparagraph 16 of the preceding paragraph may be replaced with a written undertaking that the trustee will, immediately upon the completion of the public offering or private placement of the beneficiary securities, obtain the relevant documentation verifying the release of lien on the trust property. Upon completion of the public offering or private placement, the trustee shall submit related documentation verifying that the lien on trust property is already released, together with the documentation required under Subparagraph 3, Article 20 or Subparagraph 5 of Article 21 herein to the Competent Authority for reference.In addition to the documents specified in Paragraph 1 hereof, a trustee that publicly offers REAT beneficiary securities shall submit the following documents: 1.An evaluation report issued by the underwriter of the securities. 2.A credit rating report issued by a credit rating agency, if any.The specific content and operating procedures required under Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph shall be drawn up by the Taiwan Securities Association and submitted to the competent securities authority for approval. Article 8
The holding amount and percentage of REIT and REAT beneficiary securities shall comply with the following provisions: 1.The total amount of REIT beneficiary securities held by any five persons may not reach one-half or more of the total issuance amount of the beneficiary securities. However, this restriction does not apply for holders that are independent professional investors. 2.The total amount of the senior REAT beneficiary securities held by any 5 persons may not reach one-half or more of the total issue amount of the senior beneficiary securities. However, this restriction does not apply for holders that are independent professional investors.“Independent professional investor” in the preceding paragraph means a juristic person or institution under Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1, Article 13 of the Act, or a fund under Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1, Article 13 of the Act; and not an REIT promoter or REAT trustor, or an interested party thereof, or an affiliated enterprise as defined in the Company Act, or a related party or substantive related party as defined in the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 6.A trustee shall notify a beneficiary securities holder whose holdings are not in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 1 hereof to transfer beneficiary securities within one month to comply with the provisions. A holder that has not made the transfer within the prescribed time period may not exercise his/her/its beneficiary voting rights, and the trustee may not distribute any further trust interest to that holder.A promoter that holds beneficiary securities as a result of assignment of real estate or real estate related rights shall place those beneficiary securities in centralized custody with a centralized securities depository enterprise established with the approval of the Competent Authority, and may not remove from custody, transfer, pledge, those beneficiary securities, or use those beneficiary securities as collateral in a repurchase agreement transaction within one year from the date on which they were first held. Article 9
A trust supervisor who is a natural person shall meet one of the following qualifications: 1.Having previously held the position of assistant manager or above or an equivalent position at the head office of a real estate management institution or financial institution, and possessing not less than 5 years of experience in real estate or trust business, and having a good performance record. 2.Having obtained a CPA, lawyer, or real estate appraiser license, and possessing not less than 5 years of practical work experience. 3.Having taught architecture, civil engineering, land administration, management, finance, accounting, law, or trust related courses at the junior college level or higher, domestically or abroad, for not less than 5 years. 4.Having not less than 2 years of experience in an administrative management position at a real estate or trust related business, and having previously served as a civil servant of not less than recommended appointment grade 9, or an equivalent level position.5.Possessing other experience sufficiently evidencing the ability to effectively execute the official duties of a trust supervisor and protect the rights and interests of beneficiaries.Juristic persons holding the position of trust supervisor shall be confined to real estate management institutions and trust enterprises.A trust supervisor may not be an interested party, staff member, or employee of the trustee, or be the trustor of the REAT.A trustee that manages and disposes of trust property itself shall appoint a trust supervisor. Article 10
The expert that issues expert opinions under Subparagraph 5, Paragraph 1 of Article 8 of the Act and Item 4, Subparagraph 4, Paragraph 1, Article 31 of the Act shall be a professional appraiser or CPA. Article 11
A trustee shall comply with the following provisions when it obtains borrowing secured by the trust assets of a REIT: 1.Where the REIT is rated grade 1 by at least two credit rating agencies listed in the attached table, the total amount of borrowing shall not exceed 50 percent of the total amount of trust assets. 2.Where the REIT is rated grade 2 by at least one credit rating agency listed in the attached table, the total amount of borrowing shall not exceed 35 percent of the total amount of trust assets. 3.Where the REIT is rated grade 3 by at least one credit rating agency listed in the attached table, the total amount of borrowing shall not exceed 25 percent of the total amount of trust assets. 4.Where the REIT’s credit rating is below the grades provided in the attached table or the REIT is not rated, the total amount of borrowing shall not exceed 15 percent of the total amount of trust assets.Where a REIT violates the ceiling of borrowing corresponding to its credit rating as a result of decrease in the total amount of trust assets or a downgrade of its credit rating, the trustee shall not make any additional borrowing. Article 12
A REIT contract shall contain the following particulars in addition to information required under Article 10 of the Act:1.The trustee shall call a beneficiaries’ meeting at least once every three (3) years, and the reasons for calling such a meeting shall include at least reporting the performance of the trust property and reviewing the suitability of the real estate management institution.2.The annual dividend payout ratio shall be at least 90 percent of the distributable income and the specific usage for the retained portion.3.The appraisal of real estate or related rights of real estate carried out pursuant to the Act or the contract shall comply with the following requirements:(1) The trustee shall engage a professional appraiser to conduct the appraisal.(2) The professional appraiser must meet the qualification requirements stipulated by law.(3) The professional appraiser should be changed once every three (3) years, the previous appraiser and the newly appointed appraiser may not work for the same appraisal service, and the previous appraiser may not act as the appraiser of the REIT fund within one year after being replaced, and the professional appraiser shall comply with all regulatory requirements.(4) The valuation method used in the appraisal report shall comply with the Regulations on Real Estate Appraisal.(5) Reasonable explanations for basic assumptions made for the valuation method used in the appraisal report and the difference between the valuation result and that based on discount cash flow analysis, which shall also be fully revealed in the prospectus.A REAT contract shall contain the particulars mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of the preceding paragraph in addition to information required under Article 33 of the Act.The charge of performance bonus by the trustee or real estate management institution of a REIT fund shall comply with the following rules:1. The performance bonus should be appropriate and reasonable, and should not be charged for services that do not fall under the operational and management capacity of the trustee or the real estate management institution.2. Performance bonus may be charged at most once a year.3. The performance bonus calculation method (including the calculation of performance baseline) and the scope of charge shall be explicitly agreed in the REIT contract and disclosed in the prospectus or investment memorandum.4. A trustee or real estate management institution that charges performance bonus shall present in writing the investment performance, reason(s) for charging performance bonus and the charge amount determined to the beneficiaries' meeting for passage.5. Performance bonus may be charged only when the net asset value of the REIT fund exceeds the net asset value of the calculated performance baseline.6. The performance baseline calculated when the charge of performance bonus is first proposed shall be the average net asset value of the REIT fund in the previous year. When the charge of performance bonus is subsequently proposed, the calculated performance baseline shall be the net asset value of the fund at the time the charge was proposed in the previous beneficiaries' meeting (see Appendix for calculation example). Appendix Calculation Example.pdf 
