Article 1
These Regulations are adopted pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 18-1 of the Trust Enterprise Act. Article 2
The term "foreign securities" as used in these Regulations shall mean foreign stocks, foreign bonds, foreign warrants, foreign depositary receipts, foreign exchange-traded funds (ETF), offshore funds, and foreign securitized products. The provisions in these Regulations concerning foreign securities shall apply to offshore structured products issued in the form of bonds. The terms "professional investor, professional institutional investor, and non-professional investor" as used in these Regulations shall refer to Paragraphs 3 and 4, Article 3 of the Regulations Governing Offshore Structured Products. With the exception of professional institutional investors, a professional investor may apply to a trust enterprise in writing to change his or her status to non-professional investor. Non-professional investors that do not meet the criteria set forth in the preceding paragraph may not apply to change his or her status to professional investor. A trust enterprise is responsible for conducting reasonable investigation that a professional investor meets the qualification requirements and obtaining reasonable and credible corroborative evidence from the investor. Article 3
A bank that conducts concurrently trust business and intends to apply for approval to engage in items of trust business as provided under Article 16 of the Trust Enterprise Act shall submit the following application documents to the competent authority for approval: 1. A business plan that contains the following particulars: (1) Legal basis for the business to be conducted and evaluation analysis of applicable laws and regulations. (2) Description of trust business (classified according to Articles 6 to 8 of the Enforcement Rules of the Trust Enterprise Act) and risk controls.(3) Business operational guidelines and processes. (4) Important items in the agreement entered with the customer.(5) Internal control and audit systems. (6) Matters concerning protecting the rights and interests of customers.(7) Staff allocation and assessment of facilities required. 2. Minutes of the board of directors meeting, or a letter of consent signed by an officer authorized by the head office in the case of the branch of a foreign bank in Taiwan. 3. Financial report of the latest period audited and certified by a certified public accountant (CPA). 4. A specimen of trust agreement. A trust enterprise that applies for approval to engage in supplementary businesses provided under Article 17 of the Trust Enterprise Act shall submit application documents specified under Subparagraphs 1 to 3 of the preceding paragraph to the competent authority for approval. A bank that conducts concurrently trust business may not apply to the competent authority for approval for new business items under Article 16 and Article 17 of the Trust Enterprise Act, provided the bank's ratio of equity capital to risk assets is below 8 percent or the bank incurs accumulated loss in the latest period as audited and certified by a CPA. Article 4
The specific items of trust business, qualification requirements for applying to the competent authority for approval, application procedure and registration operation for a securities investment trust enterprise (SITE), securities investment consulting enterprise (SICE), or securities firm that may concurrently conduct trust business pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 3 of the Trust Enterprise Act shall be governed by the regulations set forth pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 3 of the Trust Enterprise Act. Article 5
With exception of situations stipulated in Article 7 herein, a bank that conducts concurrently trust business and meets the following requirements may, at its own discretion, proceed to add to the scope of investment for trust assets and the types of business under Articles 6 to 8 of the Enforcement Rules of the Act for trust businesses already approved by the competent authority: 1.The bank's non-performing loan ratio is below 2 percent; 2.The bank's regulatory capital to risk-weighted assets shall not be less than the ratios stipulated in Article 5 of the Regulations Governing the Capital Adequacy and Capital Category of Banks and its capital adequacy ratio shall be the minimum requirement stipulated in the aforementioned article plus 2 percent or higher; 3.The bank has set aside sufficient loss reserve, loan loss provision, and guarantee reserve in accordance with the Regulations Governing the Procedures for Banking Institutions to Evaluate Assets and Deal with Non-performing /Non-accrual Loans; and 4.The bank is free of the incidents of violating the Act, the Banking Act, or the self-regulatory rules of the Trust Association of the R.O.C. (referred to as the "Trust Association" hereunder) in a serious nature and failing to take remedial actions after being disciplined by the competent authority or the Trust Association in the past six months. Article 6
With respect to trust business that has been approved by the competent authority, and except under the circumstances given in Article 7, a bank that concurrently conducts trust business and meets the conditions of each subparagraph of the preceding article may, at its own discretion, introduce various trust products or new types of trust products combining two or more types of trust business by submitting a business plan and a template trust agreement to the competent authority for recordation within 15 days after any such product's introduction. Under any of the following circumstances, the competent authority may order a trust enterprise to halt its business in new types of trust products, or to temporarily halt its business in new types of trust products prior to completing supplementary or corrective action: 1. Less than the full set of required documents has been submitted, or the required information in the documents is incomplete, or no supplementation or correction of the documents has been made by the deadline in response to such a request by the competent authority. 2. There is a likelihood that market order will be affected by the products. 3. The products are likely to affect the soundness of the trust enterprise's business or finances. 4. Content in the related trust agreement is obviously unfair. Article 7
If the trust business of a bank involves any of the following situations, the bank shall follow applicable regulations and in which case the preceding two articles do not apply: 1. The application for offering and issuing collective trust funds by trust enterprises shall be governed by the Regulations Governing the Management of Collective Trust Funds. 2. The application for the setup of collective investment trust fund account by trust enterprises shall be governed by the Rules Governing the Management and Employment of Collective Investment Trust Fund. 3. Products to which the Act Governing Relations Between The People Of The Taiwan Area And The Mainland Area and regulations enacted under that Act apply. 4. Trust operations that involve foreign exchange require additionally the consent of the Central Bank of the ROC ("Central Bank"). 5. When a trust enterprise has full discretion over the use of trust assets and invest the trust assets in securities provided under Article 6 of the Securities and Exchange Act or futures products provided under Article 3 of the Futures Trading Act, the trust enterprise shall follow the provisions in the latter section of Paragraph 1, Article 18 of the Trust Enterprise Act. Article 7-1
When an offshore securities branch established pursuant to Article 22-3 of the Offshore Banking Act engages in business for which its head office has received approval from the competent authority and conducts asset allocation business on behalf of a customer through a trust, if the customer is an offshore natural person, juristic person, government agency, or financial institution, then these Regulations do not apply to the following matters: (1) The types and scope of the trust assets managed, utilized, and disposed.(2) The required qualifications for professional investors. (3) Requirements that products be submitted to the Trust Association or the competent authority for review, approval, recordation, or effective registration. (4) The conduct of recommendations, advertising, business solicitations, and business promotional activities. Article 8
If the business items applied by a bank that conducts concurrently trust business have been approved by the competent authority, the bank shall complete the following registration formalities before commencing the business operations: 1. A bank shall complete the registration of new business items via the online filing system of the competent authority within 6 months from the date its applied business items have been approved by the competent authority. For domestic banks that are eligible for reward measures for accelerated reduction of non-performing loans, such banks shall carry out the registration formalities after the automatic approval [of new business items] takes effect as notified by the competent authority. 2. A bank that applies for its branch to conduct concurrent trust business pursuant to the Regulations Governing Concurrent Trust Business of Bank Branches shall, after obtaining the approval of the competent authority, register the new business of "handling the trust business of the head office's trust department as approved by the competent authority" via the online filing system of the competent authority. 3. A bank that conducts concurrently securities investment trust business or securities investment consulting business shall, within 6 months from the date of approval by the competent authority, register via the online filing system of competent authority after preparing the required documentation under the Standards Governing the Establishment of Securities Investment Trust Enterprises or the Standards Governing the Establishment of Securities Investment Consulting Enterprises, and ensuring compliance with the requirement that "net worth per share according to the latest CPA-audited financial report is not below the face value." Where the bank fails to make registration within the aforementioned time period, the competent authority may revoke the permit for such business. However, the time limit may be extended once, provided the bank has justified reasons and submits an application for extension prior to the expiration of the time limit, and that such extension may not exceed 3 months. 4. The bank shall have its president (general manager) and chief compliance officer double check before making such registration to make sure the registered items conform to regulatory requirements and complete the registration with the competent authority before it may start the business. 5. Aside from ensuring the accuracy of the filed information, the bank should safekeep under a separate file the original (duplicate) approval letter from the competent authority approving the new business item and related required documentation to facilitate inspection by examiners in the future. Article 9
Unless it is otherwise provided in Article 28 or 29 of the Trust Enterprise Act, Financial Asset Securitization Act, Real Estate Securitization Act, Securities Investment Trust and Consulting Act, Futures Trading Act, Regulations Governing Offshore Structured Products, Regulations Governing Offshore Funds, Regulations Governing Securities Investment Trust Funds, Regulations Governing the Conduct of Discretionary Investment Business by Securities Investment Trust Enterprises and Securities Investment Consulting Enterprises, Regulations Governing Futures Trust Funds, or other regulations, a trust enterprise shall follow the provisions in Articles 10 to 15 herein when it utilizes trust assets to make foreign investment or make investment that involves foreign exchange. The inward and outward remittance of funds for the investment mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be carried out in accordance with applicable rules of the Central Bank. Article 10
Investments made by a trust enterprise in which trust assets are used for foreign investments or investments involving foreign exchange, for a trustor who is a professional investor, shall be limited to the following: 1. Foreign currency deposits in a domestic bank or a foreign bank ranked in the top 1,000 globally in bank capital or assets, or a domestic branch of such a bank, provided that the bank's credit rating is at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 1. 2. The objectives traded on foreign securities exchanges designated by the competent authority in accordance with the Regulations Governing Securities Firms Accepting Orders to Trade Foreign Securities: (1) Stocks, warrants, depository receipts, and real estate investment trusts(REITs). (2) Exchange-traded funds (ETFs). (3) Exchange traded note (ETN). 3. Securities investment trust funds or futures trust funds denominated in foreign currency and offered or privately placed in accordance with the Regulations Governing Securities Investment Trust Funds or the Regulations Governing Futures Trust Funds. 4. Privately placed offshore funds and offshore funds that, in accordance with the Regulations Governing Offshore Funds, are approved by or effectively registered with the competent authority and offered and sold domestically. 5. Foreign currency denominated short-term bills of an obligor (issuer, guarantor, or acceptor) whose short-term debt credit rating is at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 2. 6. Foreign currency denominated bonds issued in accordance with the Regulations Governing the Offering and Issuance of Securities by Foreign Securities Issuers that are already traded on the secondary market. 7. Foreign bonds meeting the following credit rating criteria: (1) Foreign central government bonds: Bonds of an issuing country whose sovereign credit rating is at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 3. (2) Foreign bonds other than those of the preceding item (including convertible corporate bonds and corporate bonds with warrants): Bonds for which the long-term debt credit rating of the issuer or guarantor, or the bond's debt issue rating, is at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 4. 8. Foreign securitized products with a debt issue rating at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 4. 9. Repo-style transactions in the instruments of the preceding four subparagraphs: When the instrument of subparagraph 5 is the subject of the transaction, the short-term debt credit rating of the trading counterparty must be at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 2; when an instrument under any of the preceding three subparagraphs is the subject of the transaction, the long-term debt credit rating of the trading counterparty must be at or above the specified rating from a credit rating agency listed in Appendix 4. 10. Offshore structured products in which investment of trust assets may be made domestically in accordance with the Regulations Governing Offshore Structured Products. 11. The derivative financial products transactions of Article 16. 12. Gold. 13. Other subjects of investment approved by the competent authority. Appendix 1：（Credit Ratings Requirement of Banks Taking Foreign Currency Deposit）【Applied to professional investor and non-professional investor】.PDFAppendix 2：（Short-term Issuer Credit Ratings）【Applied to Professional Investor】.PDFAppendix 3：（Sovereign Credit Ratings）【Applied to Professional Investor】.PDFAppendix 4：（Long-term Credit Ratings of Issuers or Guarantors, and Issue Ratings）【Applied to Professional Investor】.PDF 
