Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Regulations are adopted pursuant to Article 12, paragraph 2, and Article 13, paragraph 1 of the Certified Public Accountant Act (the "CPA Act").Article 2　 Certified public accountant (CPA) pre-professional training courses are organized by the National Federation of Certified Public Accountants Association of the R.O.C. (NFCPAA).Article 3　 To organize CPA pre-professional training and continuing professional education, the NFCPAA shall, pursuant to Article 60 of the CPA Act, establish a Professional Education Committee to be in charge of matters related to planning, implementation, and supervision.For the CPA pre-professional training and continuing professional education courses that it organizes, the NFCPAA may collect training and continuing education fees from the trainees, based on the nature and content of the courses and with consideration to market prices.Article 4　 The scope of CPA pre-professional training and continuing professional education includes the following:1.Certified Public Accountant Act and related laws and regulations and cases from practice. 2.CPA legal liability and CPA code of professional ethics. 3.Company Act, Business Registration Act, Business Mergers and Acquisitions Act, Factory Act, Trademark Act, and related laws and regulations, and company and business registration and trademark registration practice. 4.Business Accounting Act and related laws and regulations, and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS), and bookkeeping practice. 5.Regulations Governing Auditing and Attestation of Financial Statements by Certified Public Accountants, Statements of Auditing Standards, and auditing and attestation practice. 6.Securities and Exchange Act, and securities or futures related laws and regulations and practice. 7.Tax Collection Act, Value-Added and Non-Value-Added Business Tax Act, Land Tax Act, Estate and Gift Tax Act, and related laws and regulations and tax reporting practice. 8.Income Tax Act, Guidelines for the Audit of Income Taxes on Profit-Making-Enterprises, and related laws and regulations and tax return filing and auditing practices. 9.Paid-in capital auditing and attestation practice. 10.Administrative Procedure Act and Code of Administrative Procedure. 11.Valuation Standards Gazette and asset valuation practice. 12.Other courses related to CPA professional practice. The NFCPAA shall lay out plans for required and elective courses for CPA pre-professional training, based on the content set out in the preceding paragraph, the needs of CPA professional practice, and international standards for CPA continuing education.Chapter II Pre-Professional TrainingArticle 5　 Any person who has a CPA Certificate and who does not have at least two years of experience as an assistant in attestation work at a CPA firm may apply to the NFCPAA to participate in CPA pre-professional training.CPA pre-professional training includes course training and practical training.The course training is calculated in continuing professional education (CPE) hours, which are recorded and maintained in files managed by the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee. The minimum training time required is 160 hours, of which at least required not less than 120 hours shall be in required courses.The practical training shall comprise at least one year of experience serving as an assistant in attestation work at a CPA firm or equivalent work experience, and documentary proof thereof must be obtained.When a trainee completes the pre-professional training of the preceding two paragraphs, the NFCPAA shall issue the trainee a certificate of compliance with CPA pre-professional training requirements.Article 6　 For CPA pre-professional training, if the trainee is absent for one-tenth or more of the hours of any required course, or one-fifth or more of the hours of any elective course, the trainee shall retake the course, and may not ask for a refund or for offsetting of the fee for retaking the course.Article 7　 If any required course in CPA pre-professional training requires submission of a report upon the conclusion of the course, and the trainee fails to submit the report within the time limit or the report does not pass evaluation by the instructor, the trainee shall retake the course, and may not ask for a refund or for offsetting of the fee for retaking the course.Article 8　 During the period of CPA pre-professional training, if any of the following circumstances occurs, the trainee shall be expelled from the training. The courses that the trainee has already completed or is currently enrolled in may not be counted toward CPE hours, and the trainee may not apply for a refund of the training fee:1.The trainee is impersonated by another person during the training period. 2.The trainee does anything to impede the training, and the circumstances are serious. 3.The trainee unduly refuses instruction during the training period, and the circumstances are serious.Article 9　 The NFCPAA shall draft operational directions for CPA pre-professional training, and submit them for recordation by the competent authority, and shall do the same for any amendments thereto.The operational directions for CPA pre-professional training under the preceding paragraph shall at least include the following matters:1.Implementation method and training period for pre-professional training. 2.The content and hours of required and elective courses for pre-professional training. 3.Rules on leave, absence, course retaking, training reenrollment, and expulsion for pre-professional training. 4.Supervision and management of CPE hours for pre-professional training. 5.Fees for pre-professional training. 6.The conversion standards for the length of practical training from equivalent work experience under Article 5, paragraph 4, and the required documentary proof. 7.Matters related to the issuance of certificates of compliance with pre-professional training requirements. 8.Miscellaneous.Chapter III Continuing Professional EducationArticle 10 　 The institutions responsible for administering, and the scope of, CPA continuing professional education are as follows:1.Instructive lectures or discussion symposiums organized by the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee. 2.Serving as instructor, key speaker, panelist, or host for instructive lectures or discussion symposiums under the preceding subparagraph. 3.Enrolling in formal education in a graduate institute, or workshops, or courses, related to CPA expertise, and obtaining a certificate of credit or a certificate of completion. 4.Serving as a lecturer in a public or private university or junior college or higher level school established with the approval of the Ministry of Education, and lecturing in courses related to CPA expertise, and having obtained documentation thereof. 5.Continuing professional education conducted by a CPA firm itself following submission to and approval from the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee. 6.Writings or translations related to CPA expertise that are published in newspapers, journals, or CPA newsletters duly registered with the competent authority in charge of news media, or that are published by a registered publisher, or that are copyrighted. 7.Participation in a research project of, or professional research commissioned by, the competent authority or a relevant regulatory authority or the NFCPAA for which a research report has been written. 8.An institution approved by the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee, and the lectures or symposiums organized thereby. 9.Other continuing professional education recognized by the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee.Article 11 　 CPA continuing professional education is calculated in continuing professional education hours (CPE hours), which are recorded and maintained in files by the NFCPAA Professional Education Committee. The number of CPE hours taken each year may not be less than 40 hours, among which the CPE hours under subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding article may not be less than 14 hours. For CPAs that do not perform financial attestation for public companies, the annual requirements for the minimum number of CPE hours and the CPE hours under subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding article are reduced by one-half.The requirements regarding minimum numbers of CPE hours under paragraphs 1 and 2 do not apply during the year in which a CPA's first application for practice registration is made.In any case of uncompleted CPE hours to be made up which were incurred prior to the amendment and enforcement of these Regulations, the number of make-up hours required shall be calculated according to the pre-amendment provisions.When there are uncompleted CPE hours to be made up, CPE hours taken during the new year shall first be counted toward the previously required make-up hours.Article 12 　 The minimum CPE hours set forth in the preceding Article shall be filed with the NFCPAA for recordation by the following methods:1.For lectures or symposiums under Article 10, subparagraphs 1 and 2, the NFCPAA shall carry out the filing and recordation itself. 2.For CPE hours under Article 10, subparagraphs 3 to 7, the CPA shall, by the end of January in the following year, submit a report on the CPE hours for the preceding year along with documentary proof to the NFCPAA for recordation and filing. 3.For lectures or symposiums under Article 10, subparagraph 8, the organizing institution shall, within one month after the end of the lecture or symposium, compile the information in bound form and submit it along with documentary proof to the NFCPAA for recordation and filing. 4.For CPE hours under Article 10, subparagraph 9, the CPA shall, by the end of January in the following year, submit a report on the CPE hours for the preceding year along with documentary proof to the NFCPAA for recordation and filing.Article 13 　 CPAs who have not met the minimum CPE hour requirements under Article 11 shall individually be given notice by the NFCPAA by the end of March of the following year, requesting that they complete make-up hours within 3 months. If the make-up hours are not completed within the time limit, the NFCPAA shall report to the competent authority and request that it suspend professional practice by the CPA. If the CPA has not completed the make-up hours within 1 year from the date of suspension of practice, the NFCPAA shall report to the competent authority within 2 months after expiration of the time limit and request that it void or revoke the CPA's practice registration.Article 14 　 If the competent authority suspends professional practice by a CPA under the preceding article, the CPA, after completing the make-up hours, may apply to the NFCPAA to report to the competent authority requesting reinstatement of professional practice by the CPA. The NFCPAA, within 5 days after receiving the application, shall report to the competent authority and request reinstatement of professional practice by the CPA.Article 15 　 If the competent authority voids or revokes a CPA's practice registration under Article 14, paragraph 1, subparagraph 4 of the CPA Act, the CPA, after completing the make-up hours, shall re-apply for practice registration under paragraph 2 of the same article, and the provisions of the preceding article herein shall not apply.Chapter IV Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 16 　 These Regulations shall enter into force from the date of issuance, with the exception of Chapter III, adopted and issued on 23 July 2008, which shall enter into force from 1 January 2009, and Article 11, adopted and issued on 6 August 2013, which shall enter into force from 1 January 2013.
