Article 1
These Regulations herein are prescribed in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 10 of the Money Laundering Control Act. Article 2
The scope, procedure, and other related matters for observance in the declaration of carrying foreign currencies or securities by cross-border passengers or service crew on board of transport and for the interagency report by the Customs are determined pursuant to these Regulations. Article 3
The term “securities” referred in these Regulations is defined as “bearer” traveler checks, other types of checks, promissory notes, bills of exchange, or other forms of securities through which the bearer may exercise his/her rights in the country or any other country. Article 4
A passenger or a service crew member arriving into or departing from the country on a flight within the same day, holding the following objects in his/her possession, shall be required to declare said object with customs authorities as provided in these Regulations. Thereafter, the customs authorities shall forward said customs declaration to the information of the Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Justice pursuant to these Regulations.1. Cash in foreign currency bearing a total value more than Ten Thousand US Dollars (US0,000). 2. Securities bearing a total face value more than Ten Thousand US Dollars (US0,000). Article 5
A passenger or a service crew member holding cash or securities in the total value provided in the foregoing article shall be required to declare cash or securities with customs under the following procedures:1. A person arriving into the country should fill out the “Customs Declaration Form of the Republic of China” and the “Foreign Currency, Renminbi, New Taiwan Dollar, or Securities Registration Form for Passengers or Service Crew Arriving into or Departing from the Country”, and present the forms to the customs authorities for inspection and approval. 2. A person departing from the country should fill out the “Foreign Currency, Renminbi, New Taiwan Dollar, or Securities Registration Form for Passengers or Service Crew Arriving into or Departing from the Country” and present it to the customs authorities for inspection and approval. Article 6
The local customs office should compile the matters declared with customs pursuant to the foregoing article into electromagnetic records and send such records to the Directorate General of Customs every 1st, 11th, and 21st day of the month (should day fall on a holiday or weekend, the first office day following thereafter) for forwarding to the Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Justice. The same shall be true for undeclared currencies seized by the customs authorities. Article 7
The original data or related electronic files of the customs declarations and reports processed pursuant to these Regulations should be preserved in the record files for a minimum period of five years from the second day of the declaration or seized date. Article 8
These Regulations shall be effective from the date of their promulgation. NOTEWhere there are discrepancies between the English and Chinese versions of these Regulations, the latter shall prevail. 
