Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are adopted pursuant to Article 137, paragraph 5 of the Insurance Act.Article 2　 The issuance of establishment permits to and regulation of foreign insurance enterprises operating within the territory of the Republic of China (ROC) are governed by these Regulations. Matters not provided for herein shall be governed by the Insurance Act and any directive issued upon authorization granted under the Insurance Act.Exercise of the powers accorded under the Insurance Act, or under any directive issued upon authorization granted under the Insurance Act, to a board of directors or shareholders meeting of a foreign insurance enterprise, may be carried out, to the extent that the company in the home country has given lawful authorization, by the enterprise's "responsible person in the ROC" ("Responsible Person").Article 3　 The term "home country" in these Regulations means the country or territory that has enacted the laws under which a foreign insurance enterprise has registered its incorporation or commenced business operations.The term "responsible person" in these Regulations means the managerial officer who represents a foreign insurance enterprise within the territory of the ROC.Article 4　 Litigation related to an insurance contract involving a foreign insurance enterprise shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the ROC unless otherwise stipulated in the insurance contract.Article 5　 The scope of the business operations of a foreign insurance enterprise in the ROC is subject to the restrictions set out by law in the ROC and the enterprise's home country.Chapter 2 Establishment PermitsArticle 6　 A foreign insurance institution applying for permission to establish a branch within the territory of the ROC to conduct insurance business shall at least meet the following criteria: 1. Having had sound business performance and shown financial soundness in the last three years; and2. Free of any record of penalty against it for material regulatory violation in the last three years as proven by a certificate issued by the competent authority in the applicant’s home country. Where the applicant has been established for less than three years, the applicant must be free of any record of penalty against it for material regulatory violation since its establishment. Where a foreign insurance institution referred to in subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph has been established for less than three years, the institution must have a representative office set up within the territory of the ROC for at least one year and meet one of the following criteria:1. Having a paid-in capital of more than NT billion.2. Having a credit rating of at least A- from Standard & Poor’s Corp., at least A3 from Moody’s Investor Service, at least A from Fitch Ratings Ltd., at least twA+ from Taiwan Ratings Corporation, or an equivalent rating or better from any other credit rating agency recognized by the competent authority.Article 7　 The head office of a foreign insurance enterprise shall set aside minimum working capital for each branch in accordance with its business plan, amounting to not less than NT0 million, and post bond with the national treasury in an amount equal to 15 percent of its working capital.Article 8　 Unless special approval has been granted by the competent authority, a foreign insurance enterprise that has received an establishment permit shall, prior to commencing business operations, have its principal computer systems in operation and ensure that they have passed inspection by the competent authority or an organization designated thereby.Article 9　 A foreign insurance institution applying for permission to establish a branch within the territory of the ROC to conduct insurance business shall submit each of the following documents in duplicate to the competent authority for review: 1. Application for Establishment Permit by Foreign Insurance Enterprise (format will be prescribed separately).2. Certificate of incorporation and business license.3. A document evidencing the applicant’s approved scope of business, certified by the competent authority in the home country.4. Documents evidencing that the competent authority in the applicant’s home country and the applicant’s board of directors have granted approval to the establishment of a branch in the ROC by the applicant.5. The company’s articles of incorporation.6. Business plan, specifying the business scope, business principles and policies, and specific implementation methods, including premises and facilities, internal organization and segregation of duties, personnel recruitment and training, business development plan, financial projections for the coming five years, and policy on reinsurance.7. Documentation showing the name, nationality, job title, and domicile or residence of the person at the head office who is in charge of the financial and operational decisions for the company.8. The name of the designated responsible person for the branch and document evidencing his or her qualifications.9. The company’s balance sheets and income statements for the last three fiscal years, audited and certified by a certified public accountant recognized in the applicant’s home country. Where the application is filed on a date six months after the beginning of the current fiscal year, the balance sheet and the income statement for the first half of current year must also be submitted.10.The full text of insurance laws and regulations of the applicant’s home country as designated by the competent authority.11. A rating report prepared by an insurance rating agency recognized by the competent authority. 12. A document issued by the competent authority in the applicant’s home country certifying that no penalty has been recorded against the applicant for material regulatory violation in the last three years. Where the applicant has been established for less than three years, the applicant must submit a document certifying that no penalty has been recorded against it for material regulatory violation since its establishment. 13. Other documents as required by the competent authority. If any of the documents in the preceding paragraph cannot be furnished due to law of the home country, the applicant shall submit an equivalent document for reference.Where the documentation under the preceding two paragraphs cannot be furnished or presented in Chinese due to special circumstances, such documents shall be accompanied by Chinese translations. With the exception of documents referred to in subparagraphs 1 and 6 hereof, all other documents shall be notarized by an embassy, consulate or other overseas representative office of the ROC.Where the information provided in the documents under paragraph 1 or information provided elsewhere is incomplete, the application will be rejected. Where an application is returned for rectification but the applicant fails to make rectification within the time period prescribed by the competent authority, the application shall also be rejected.Application by Foreign Insurer for Establishment Permit.doc
