Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 6 of The Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Act. Article 2
Meetings of the Board of Directors (hereafter referred to as "the Board") of the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) (hereafter referred to as "the Bank") shall be conducted in accordance with these Regulations except where otherwise provided for in The Central Bank of the Republic of China Act. Article 3
The Bank Governor (hereafter referred to as ”the Governor”) shall be the chairman of the Board and the Board of Executive Directors (hereafter referred to as ”the Executive Board”). Whenever the Governor is unable to attend in person, the Deputy Governor designated to act for the Governor shall be the chairman. Article 4
Board meetings resolutions shall address the following matters:1.To examine and approve policies concerningmoney, credit and foreign exchange;2.To examine the adjustment of the Bank's capital;3.To approve the operation plans of the Bank;4.To examine the budget and fiscal reports of the Bank;5.To examine and approve major laws and regulations of the Bank;6.To examine or approve the establishment, adjustment and dissolution of the Bank's administrative units, branch offices, representative offices and subsidiary institutions;7.To approve the appointment and the removal of the heads of the Bank's administrative units, branch offices, representative offices and subsidiary institutions;8.To examine matters proposed by the Directors. Article 5
Except where otherwise resolved by the Board, between sessions of the Board the Executive Board shall be authorized to perform the duties defined in subparagraph 1 and subparagraphs 5 through 8 of the preceding Article. All decisions of the Executive Board shall be reported to the Board for retroactive endorsement. Article 6
The Board shall meet once every three months. Whenever necessary, the chairman may convene special meetings.Individuals scheduled to attend a meeting of the Board may not make any public statement regarding monetary, credit, or foreign exchange policy within 10 days before the start of the meeting. Following the meeting, the chairman shall make a unified public statement of the policy resolutions passed by theBoard.Classified information on theBoardmeeting agenda shall be handled in compliance with confidentiality regulations, and shall not be leaked. Article 7
The chairman may convene meetings of the Executive Board at any time. Article 8
The Board may arrange with the Board of Supervisors to hold a Board meeting as a jointmeeting of the Board ofDirectors and Board of Supervisors. Article 9
The heads of the Bank's Department and Office and other related personnel of the Bank may be requested to attend meetings of the Board. Article 10
Resolutions of the Board shall be decided by consent of a majority of the directors present at a meeting attended by a majority of the directors. Where there is a deadlock, the chairman shall have final say. Article 11
Matters concerning resolutions reached by the Board shall be entered into the minutes of the meeting, copies of which shall be distributed to each director following the meeting. Article 12
A director who is unable to attend a scheduled meeting of the Board for some reason may authorize another director to act as his/her deputy.A deputy referred to in the preceding paragraph may represent only one absent director. Article 13
The Board shall have one secretary, under the direction of the chairman, to handle procedural matters of Board meetings and other routine affairs. Article 14
These Regulations shall take force upon passage by resolution of a meeting of the Board and reporting to the ExecutiveYuan for record. The same shall hold true for amendments hereto. 
