Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 4, Article 44 of the Banking Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act"). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. The term "Ratio of Regulatory Capital to Risk-weighted Assets" shall mean Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio, Tier 1 Capital Ratio, and Total Capital Adequacy Ratio.2. The term "Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio" shall mean the net Common Equity Tier 1 divided by total risk-weighted assets.3. The term "Tier 1 Capital Ratio" shall mean net Tier 1 capital divided by total risk-weighted assets.4. The term "Total Capital Adequacy Ratio" shall mean the aggregate amount of net Tier 1 Capital and net Tier 2 Capital divided by total risk-weighted assets.5. The term "Leverage Ratio" shall mean the net Tier 1 Capital divided by Exposure Measurement.6. The term "Regulatory Capital" shall mean the net Tier 1 Capital and the net Tier 2 Capital.7. The term "Net Tier 1 Capital" shall mean the aggregate amount of net Common Equity Tier 1 and net additional Tier 1 Capital.8. The term "Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock" shall mean the preferred stock that, in a fiscal year when a bank posts a profit, entitles the holder to the payment of a dividend to make up for the bank not having distributed a dividend in years in which it did not post a profit.9. The term "Subordinated Debts" shall mean those debts holders' order of priority for the distribution of earnings and assets is subordinate to depositors and general creditors.10. The term "Capital Instrument" shall mean the common stocks, the perpetual preferred stocks, and the subordinated debts issued by a bank or its subsidiary shall be included in the securities of regulatory capital.11. The term "Total Risk-weighted Assets" shall mean the sum of the risk-weighted assets for credit risk and the capital requirements for market risk and operational risk multiplied by 12.5.Those assets already deducted from regulatory capital, however, shall be deducted from the total risk-weighted assets.12. The term "Risk-weighted Assets for Credit Risk" shall mean measurement of the risk of loss caused by the counterparty's default.This risk measurement is expressed as the total of each of the bank's transaction items on and off the balance sheet times a risk weight.13. The term "the Capital Requirement for Market Risk" shall mean the capital required for assessed losses to the bank's transaction items on and off the balance sheet in arising from movements in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, and stock prices etc.) .14. The term "the Capital Requirement for Operational Risk" shall mean the capital required for the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal process, people and systems or external events.15. The term "Exposure Measurement" shall mean the exposure amount on and off the balance sheet. 16. The term "Issuance Period" shall mean the period from the issuance date to the maturity date.The issuance period should be calculated based on the earliest available redemption date or repayment date if they could be redeemed or repaid prior to maturity date, as agreed upon, if there is any.Unless those whose earlier redemption or repayment that require the advanced approval from the Competent Authority. Article 3
The bank shall calculate its stand-alone common equity tier 1 ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and total capital adequacy ratio. If a parent bank is required to present the consolidated financial statements in which it consolidates its investments in subsidiaries according to the "International Accounting Standards No. 27", it shall in addition calculate the consolidated capital common equity tier 1 ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and total capital adequacy ratio. Those investments already deducted from the regulatory capital, however, shall not be included.When a bank calculates its consolidated common equity tier 1 ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and total capital adequacy ratio, non-controlling interests and other capital issued out of consolidated subsidiaries that is held by third parties shall be included the amount of consolidated regulatory capital. The calculation approach should be followed the rule of "the Methods for calculating Bank's regulatory capital and Risk Weighted Assets" (hereinafter referred to as the "calculation methods") that is issued by the competent authority. Article 4
The bank shall calculate its stand-alone leverage ratio. If a parent bank is required to present the consolidated financial statements in which it consolidates its investments in subsidiaries according to the "International Accounting Standards No. 27", it shall in addition calculate the consolidated leverage ratio.Those investments already deducted from the regulatory capital, however, shall not be included.The calculation method and the minimum requirement of leverage ratio shall be carried out in accordance with the calculation methods. Article 5
The phrase "the minimum requirement of bank's regulatory capital to its risk weighted assets" stipulated in Paragraph 1, Article 44 of the Act means the stand-alone and consolidated common equity tier 1 ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and total capital adequacy ratio calculated in accordance with Article 3 shall meet the following requirements or the minimum ratio requested by the competent authority in compliance with Paragraph 2 of the Article, and Paragraph 3 of Article 16.1. The common equity tier 1 ratio, the Tier 1 capital ratio, and the total capital adequacy ratio each year during the period from the Year 2013 to the Year 2018 shall not less than the ratios listed in Appendix 1.2. From the Year 2019 on, the common equity tier 1 ratio shall not be less than 7%, the Tier 1 capital ratio shall not be less than 8.5%, and the total capital adequacy ratio shall not be less than 10.5%.To minimize systemic risks, the competent authority has to consult with the Central Bank of ROC, and other relevant organizations to raise the minimum requirement stated in the previous paragraph if necessary. However, the minimum ratio shall not be higher than 2.5%. Appendix 1.doc 
