Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article 13 of the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Act. Article 2
The Central Engraving and Printing Plant (referred to as "the Plant" hereunder) is directly supervised by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) ("the Bank"), specializes in the business of printing Bank notes, and may engage in the business of printing important government documents and other security documents. When necessary and with the permission of the Bank, the Plant may engage in the business of printing, manufacturing ink, producing paper and printing equipment, processing notes withdrawn from circulation, and disposing unfit notes. Article 3
The Plant shall have a President in charge of the overall business and two Vice Presidents to assist him Article 4
The Plant shall have two to four senior engineers and two to four executive officers to handle technical and administrative matters delegated by the President.Such persons in the preceding paragraph may concurrently be appointed Director of a division or office, or take assignment in a division, office or works when necessary. Article 5
The Plant shall have the following divisions, offices and works:1.Technical Research and Development Division.2.Quality Control Division.3.Procurement and Supply Division.4.Secretariat.5.Accounting Office.6.Personnel Office.7.Occupational Safety and Health Office.8.Ethics Office.9.Information Management Office.10.First Works.11.Second Works. Article 6
The Technical Research and Development Division shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Research and improvement of printing technology (including, secuirity features, design, engraving, plate making, and printing).2.Planning and design of security documents, master plate making, single sheet proofing and other pre-press operations.3.Authentication of security documents and propagation of security features.4.Gathering, editing and data management of new knowledge on printing technology.5.Other matters related to research and development of printing technology. Article 7
The Quality Assurance Division shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Establishing production capacity and production standards.2.Checking production scheduling.3.Auditing and controlling production progress and quality.4.Management of machinery and equipment.5.Inspection of raw materials and testing of finished products.6.Other matters related to production and quality control. Article 8
The Procurement and Supply Division shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Procurement and acceptance of office supplies, services and properties.2.Procurement and acceptance of machinery and equipment.3.Procurement, acceptance, storage, management and supply of materials.4.Other matters related to procurement and storage. Article 9
The Secretariat is responsible for the following tasks:1.Compiling, editing and drafting combined projects and reports.2.Handling confidential matters, legal cases, and matters related to important meetings.3.Receiving, sending, revising, typing, proofreading of official documents, archives management, and custody of seals.4.Communication, price quotation, contract signing, and preparing and issuing documents related to orders of printing business.5.Collecting receivables of printing business and safekeeping, paying and receiving cash.6.Management of properties, personnel transportation and sanitation, and handling of maintenance works.7.Promoting activities related to recreation, sports and community relations.8.Support of promoting employee benefits related matters.9.Other matters for which other divisions, offices or works are not responsible. Article 10
The Accounting Office shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Establishing accounting system.2.Preparation and examination of budgets and final accounts.3.Accounting and cost calculation.4.Internal audit.5.Financial allocation.6.Other matters related to annual budgeting, accounting, statistics and audit. Article 11
The Personnel Office shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Drafting personnel management rules, arranging organizational structure and employment plan.2.Proposing employee recruitment, salary determination, employment, dismissal, promotion, awards, and discipline, and transfer.3.Handling employee pay, performance appraisal, insurance and benefits related matters.4.Handling employee retirement, consolation and severance related matters, and care of retired employees.5.Promotion of labor matters and position classification.6.Proposing employee training, and overseas business trips, meeting and internship.7.Proposing the selection of outstanding employees.8.Management and statistics of personnel data and other matters related to personnel management. Article 12
The Occupational Safety and Health Office shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Planning, supervising, and inspecting matters regarding employee safety and health.2.Investigating, reporting, tallying occupational disasters.3.Medical care of employees.4.Supervising environmental protection works.5.Handling employee complaint cases.6.Assisting activities organized by labor union.7.Other matters related to employee safety and health. Article 13
The Ethics Office shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Promotion of integrity and social participation.2.Drafting, promotion, and implementation of integrity regulations and directions and preventive measures.3.Drafting, coordination, and implementation of suggestions for integrity reformation.4.Property-declaration of public servants, recusal of public servants due to conflicts of interest, and businesses relevant to integrity and ethics directions.5.Handling corruption and malfeasance releated to the Plant.6.Inspecting businesses that carry risks of corruption.7.Handling and coordinating the protection of official confidential information of the Plant.8.Handling and coordinating security maintenance of the Plant.9.Other matters related to the Plant’s ethics. Article 14
The Information Management Office shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Promotion of use of information technology for the Plant.2.Planning, design, management and maintenance of information system.3.Planning and management of information network.4.Information communication security management and promotion of personal data protection.5.Other matters related to information management. Article 15
The First Works shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Bank notes printing.2.Manufacturing and mixing of ink. Article 16
The Second Works shall be responsible for the following tasks:1.Printing of important government documents and other security documents.2.Processing of notes withdrawn from circulation, and disposal of unfit notes. Article 17
Each division/office of the Plant shall have a Director, one or two Deputy Directors, and several staff members. When required, sections may be formed within a division/office, provided that each section consists of at least three employees. No section shall be formed if there are not sufficient employees to form two sections. Each section shall have a chief and may have a deputy chief. The Occupational Safety and Health Office may establish a medical clinic. Article 18
Each works of the Plant shall have a Manager and one or two Deputy Managers. The First Works shall consist of four sections, namely the Printing Section, Finishing Section, Ink Production Section and Engineering Section. The Second Works shall consist of four sections, namely the Printing Section, Finishing Section, Processing and Disposal Section, and Engineering Section.Each section shall have a Chief, one or two Deputy Chiefs, and several staff members.When required, subsections may be organized within a section, provided that each subsection consists of at least three employees. Subsection shall not be formed if there are not sufficient employees to form two subsections.Each subsection shall have a Head and may have a Deputy Head. A subsection made up of more than ten employees may have one additional Deputy Head.The administrative matters of each works are supported by the corresponding divisions or offices of the Plant. The divisions/offices may dispatch their employees to the works working under the supervision of the Manager and Deputy Manager. Article 19
The President of the Plant shall be appointed by the Governor of the Bank following approval of the Bank's Board of Directors. the Vice Presidents shall be appointed by the Governor of the Bank. the Managers of works shall be nominated by the President and appointed following approval of the Governor of the Bank. the Deputy Managers of works and Directors of divisions and offices shall be appointed by the President, and such appointment shall be reported to the Bank for future reference. the Directors of the Accounting, Personnel, and Ethics Offices shall be separately appointed in accordance with relevant regulations. Other personnel shall be appointed (hired) by the President according to personnel rules. Article 20
The number and ranks of the Plant employees shall be tabulated separately. Article 21
when required, the President of the Plant may appoint unpaid consultants for advice on or implementing specific matters. Article 22
When required, the Plant may engage independent contract workers. The number, compensation, and engagement method of such workers shall be determined by the President. Article 23
when required, the Plant may establish ad hoc teams or committees to deal with relevant matters. Members of such teams or committees may be seconded from present divisions/offices with in the Plant and shall serve without extra compensation. Article 24
These Regulations shall be effective on January 1, 2016. 
