1  O LORD, I have come to you for protection; don't let me be put to shame. Rescue me, for you always do what is right.2 Bend down and listen to me; rescue me quickly. Be for me a great rock of safety, a fortress where my enemies cannot reach me.3 You are my rock and my fortress. For the honor of your name, lead me out of this peril.4 Pull me from the trap my enemies set for me, for I find protection in you alone.5 I entrust my spirit into your hand. Rescue me, LORD, for you are a faithful God.6 I hate those who worship worthless idols. I trust in the LORD.7 I am overcome with joy because of your unfailing love, for you have seen my troubles, and you care about the anguish of my soul.8 You have not handed me over to my enemy but have set me in a safe place.9 Have mercy on me, LORD, for I am in distress. My sight is blurred because of my tears. My body and soul are withering away.10 I am dying from grief; my years are shortened by sadness. Misery[a] has drained my strength; I am wasting away from within.11 I am scorned by all my enemies and despised by my neighbors-- even my friends are afraid to come near me. When they see me on the street, they turn the other way.12 I have been ignored as if I were dead, as if I were a broken pot.13 I have heard the many rumors about me, and I am surrounded by terror. My enemies conspire against me, plotting to take my life.14 But I am trusting you, O LORD, saying, "You are my God!"15 My future is in your hands. Rescue me from those who hunt me down relentlessly.16 Let your favor shine on your servant. In your unfailing love, save me.17 Don't let me be disgraced, O LORD, for I call out to you for help. Let the wicked be disgraced; let them lie silent in the grave.18 May their lying lips be silenced-- those proud and arrogant lips that accuse the godly.19 Your goodness is so great! You have stored up great blessings for those who honor you. You have done so much for those who come to you for protection, blessing them before the watching world.20 You hide them in the shelter of your presence, safe from those who conspire against them. You shelter them in your presence, far from accusing tongues.21 Praise the LORD, for he has shown me his unfailing love. He kept me safe when my city was under attack.22 In sudden fear I had cried out, "I have been cut off from the LORD!" But you heard my cry for mercy and answered my call for help.23 Love the LORD, all you faithful ones! For the LORD protects those who are loyal to him, but he harshly punishes all who are arrogant.24 So be strong and take courage, all you who put your hope in the LORD!