1  Listen to my prayer, O God. Do not ignore my cry for help!2 Please listen and answer me, for I am overwhelmed by my troubles.3 My enemies shout at me, making loud and wicked threats. They bring trouble on me, hunting me down in their anger.4 My heart is in anguish. The terror of death overpowers me.5 Fear and trembling overwhelm me. I can't stop shaking.6 Oh, how I wish I had wings like a dove; then I would fly away and rest!7 I would fly far away to the quiet of the wilderness.8 How quickly I would escape-- far away from this wild storm of hatred.9 Destroy them, Lord, and confuse their speech, for I see violence and strife in the city.10 Its walls are patrolled day and night against invaders, but the real danger is wickedness within the city.11 Murder and robbery are everywhere there; threats and cheating are rampant in the streets.12 It is not an enemy who taunts me-- I could bear that. It is not my foes who so arrogantly insult me-- I could have hidden from them.13 Instead, it is you--my equal, my companion and close friend.14 What good fellowship we enjoyed as we walked together to the house of God.15 Let death seize my enemies by surprise; let the grave[a] swallow them alive, for evil makes its home within them.16 But I will call on God, and the LORD will rescue me.17 Morning, noon, and night I plead aloud in my distress, and the LORD hears my voice.18 He rescues me and keeps me safe from the battle waged against me, even though many still oppose me.19 God, who is king forever, will hear me and will humble them. For my enemies refuse to change their ways; they do not fear God.20 As for this friend of mine, he betrayed me; he broke his promises.21 His words are as smooth as cream, but in his heart is war. His words are as soothing as lotion, but underneath are daggers!22 Give your burdens to the LORD, and he will take care of you. He will not permit the godly to slip and fall.23 But you, O God, will send the wicked down to the pit of destruction. Murderers and liars will die young, but I am trusting you to save me.