For the choir director: A psalm of David, to be sung to the tune "Death of the Son." 1 I will praise you, Lord , with all my heart; I will tell of all the marvelous things you have done.2 I will be filled with joy because of you. I will sing praises to your name, O Most High.3 My enemies retreated; they staggered and died when you appeared.4 For you have judged in my favor; from your throne you have judged with fairness.5 You have rebuked the nations and destroyed the wicked; you have erased their names forever.6 The enemy is finished, in endless ruins; the cities you uprooted are now forgotten.7 But the Lord  reigns forever, executing judgment from his throne.8 He will judge the world with justice and rule the nations with fairness.9 The Lord  is a shelter for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.10 Those who know your name trust in you, for you, O Lord , do not abandon those who search for you.11 Sing praises to the Lord  who reigns in Jerusalem.[a]Tell the world about his unforgettable deeds.12 For he who avenges murder cares for the helpless. He does not ignore the cries of those who suffer.13 Lord , have mercy on me. See how my enemies torment me. Snatch me back from the jaws of death.14 Save me so I can praise you publicly at Jerusalem's gates, so I can rejoice that you have rescued me.15 The nations have fallen into the pit they dug for others. Their own feet have been caught in the trap they set.16 The Lord  is known for his justice. The wicked are trapped by their own deeds. Quiet Interlude[b]17 The wicked will go down to the grave.[c]This is the fate of all the nations who ignore God.18 But the needy will not be ignored forever; the hopes of the poor will not always be crushed.19 Arise, O Lord ! Do not let mere mortals defy you! Judge the nations!20 Make them tremble in fear, O Lord . Let the nations know they are merely human. Interlude       Footnotes:a.   9:11 Hebrew Zion; also in 9:14.  b.   9:16 Hebrew Higgaion Selah. The meaning of this phrase is uncertain. c.   9:17 Hebrew to Sheol.  