1  The mighty God, the LORD, has spoken; he has summoned all humanity from east to west!2 From Mount Zion, the perfection of beauty, God shines in glorious radiance.3 Our God approaches with the noise of thunder. Fire devours everything in his way, and a great storm rages around him.4 Heaven and earth will be his witnesses as he judges his people:5 "Bring my faithful people to me-- those who made a covenant with me by giving sacrifices."6 Then let the heavens proclaim his justice, for God himself will be the judge.7 "O my people, listen as I speak. Here are my charges against you, O Israel: I am God, your God!8 I have no complaint about your sacrifices or the burnt offerings you constantly bring to my altar.9 But I want no more bulls from your barns; I want no more goats from your pens.10 For all the animals of the forest are mine, and I own the cattle on a thousand hills.11 Every bird of the mountains and all the animals of the field belong to me.12 If I were hungry, I would not mention it to you, for all the world is mine and everything in it.13 I don't need the bulls you sacrifice; I don't need the blood of goats.14 What I want instead is your true thanks to God; I want you to fulfill your vows to the Most High.15 Trust me in your times of trouble, and I will rescue you, and you will give me glory."16 But God says to the wicked: "Recite my laws no longer, and don't pretend that you obey me.17 For you refuse my discipline and treat my laws like trash.18 When you see a thief, you help him, and you spend your time with adulterers.19 Your mouths are filled with wickedness, and your tongues are full of lies.20 You sit around and slander a brother-- your own mother's son.21 While you did all this, I remained silent, and you thought I didn't care. But now I will rebuke you, listing all my charges against you.22 Repent, all of you who ignore me, or I will tear you apart, and no one will help you.23 But giving thanks is a sacrifice that truly honors me. If you keep to my path, I will reveal to you the salvation of God."