1  LORD, hear my prayer! Listen to my plea!2 Don't turn away from me in my time of distress. Bend down your ear and answer me quickly when I call to you,3 for my days disappear like smoke, and my bones burn like red-hot coals.4 My heart is sick, withered like grass, and I have lost my appetite.5 Because of my groaning, I am reduced to skin and bones.6 I am like an owl in the desert, like a lonely owl in a far-off wilderness.7 I lie awake, lonely as a solitary bird on the roof.8 My enemies taunt me day after day. They mock and curse me.9 I eat ashes instead of my food. My tears run down into my drink10 because of your anger and wrath. For you have picked me up and thrown me out.11 My life passes as swiftly as the evening shadows. I am withering like grass.12 But you, O LORD, will rule forever. Your fame will endure to every generation.13 You will arise and have mercy on Jerusalem[a]-- and now is the time to pity her, now is the time you promised to help.14 For your people love every stone in her walls and show favor even to the dust in her streets.15 And the nations will tremble before the LORD. The kings of the earth will tremble before his glory.16 For the LORD will rebuild Jerusalem. He will appear in his glory.17 He will listen to the prayers of the destitute. He will not reject their pleas.18 Let this be recorded for future generations, so that a nation yet to be created will praise the LORD.19 Tell them the LORD looked down from his heavenly sanctuary. He looked to the earth from heaven20 to hear the groans of the prisoners, to release those condemned to die.21 And so the LORD's fame will be celebrated in Zion, his praises in Jerusalem,22 when multitudes gather together and kingdoms come to worship the LORD.23 He has cut me down in midlife, shortening my days.24 But I cried to him, "My God, who lives forever, don't take my life while I am still so young!25 In ages past you laid the foundation of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands.26 Even they will perish, but you remain forever; they will wear out like old clothing. You will change them like a garment, and they will fade away.27 But you are always the same; your years never end.28 The children of your people will live in security. Their children's children will thrive in your presence."