1  Happy are people of integrity,[a] who follow the law of the LORD.2 Happy are those who obey his decrees and search for him with all their hearts.3 They do not compromise with evil, and they walk only in his paths.4 You have charged us to keep your commandments carefully.5 Oh, that my actions would consistently reflect your principles!6 Then I will not be disgraced when I compare my life with your commands.7 When I learn your righteous laws, I will thank you by living as I should!8 I will obey your principles. Please don't give up on me!9 How can a young person stay pure? By obeying your word and following its rules.10 I have tried my best to find you-- don't let me wander from your commands.11 I have hidden your word in my heart, that I might not sin against you.12 Blessed are you, O LORD; teach me your principles.13 I have recited aloud all the laws you have given us.14 I have rejoiced in your decrees as much as in riches.15 I will study your commandments and reflect on your ways.16 I will delight in your principles and not forget your word.17 Be good to your servant, that I may live and obey your word.18 Open my eyes to see the wonderful truths in your law.19 I am but a foreigner here on earth; I need the guidance of your commands. Don't hide them from me!20 I am overwhelmed continually with a desire for your laws.21 You rebuke those cursed proud ones who wander from your commands.22 Don't let them scorn and insult me, for I have obeyed your decrees.23 Even princes sit and speak against me, but I will meditate on your principles.24 Your decrees please me; they give me wise advice.25 I lie in the dust, completely discouraged; revive me by your word.26 I told you my plans, and you answered. Now teach me your principles.27 Help me understand the meaning of your commandments, and I will meditate on your wonderful miracles.28 I weep with grief; encourage me by your word.29 Keep me from lying to myself; give me the privilege of knowing your law.30 I have chosen to be faithful; I have determined to live by your laws.31 I cling to your decrees. LORD, don't let me be put to shame!32 If you will help me, I will run to follow your commands.33 Teach me, O LORD, to follow every one of your principles.34 Give me understanding and I will obey your law; I will put it into practice with all my heart.35 Make me walk along the path of your commands, for that is where my happiness is found.36 Give me an eagerness for your decrees; do not inflict me with love for money!37 Turn my eyes from worthless things, and give me life through your word.[b]38 Reassure me of your promise, which is for those who honor you.39 Help me abandon my shameful ways; your laws are all I want in life.40 I long to obey your commandments! Renew my life with your goodness.41 LORD, give to me your unfailing love, the salvation that you promised me.42 Then I will have an answer for those who taunt me, for I trust in your word.43 Do not snatch your word of truth from me, for my only hope is in your laws.44 I will keep on obeying your law forever and forever.45 I will walk in freedom, for I have devoted myself to your commandments.46 I will speak to kings about your decrees, and I will not be ashamed.47 How I delight in your commands! How I love them!48 I honor and love your commands. I meditate on your principles.49 Remember your promise to me, for it is my only hope.50 Your promise revives me; it comforts me in all my troubles.51 The proud hold me in utter contempt, but I do not turn away from your law.52 I meditate on your age-old laws; O LORD, they comfort me.53 I am furious with the wicked, those who reject your law.54 Your principles have been the music of my life throughout the years of my pilgrimage.55 I reflect at night on who you are, O LORD, and I obey your law because of this.56 This is my happy way of life: obeying your commandments.57 LORD, you are mine! I promise to obey your words!58 With all my heart I want your blessings. Be merciful just as you promised.59 I pondered the direction of my life, and I turned to follow your statutes.60 I will hurry, without lingering, to obey your commands.61 Evil people try to drag me into sin, but I am firmly anchored to your law.62 At midnight I rise to thank you for your just laws.63 Anyone who fears you is my friend-- anyone who obeys your commandments.64 O LORD, the earth is full of your unfailing love; teach me your principles.65 You have done many good things for me, LORD, just as you promised.66 I believe in your commands; now teach me good judgment and knowledge.67 I used to wander off until you disciplined me; but now I closely follow your word.68 You are good and do only good; teach me your principles.69 Arrogant people have made up lies about me, but in truth I obey your commandments with all my heart.70 Their hearts are dull and stupid, but I delight in your law.71 The suffering you sent was good for me, for it taught me to pay attention to your principles.72 Your law is more valuable to me than millions in gold and silver!73 You made me; you created me. Now give me the sense to follow your commands.74 May all who fear you find in me a cause for joy, for I have put my hope in your word.75 I know, O LORD, that your decisions are fair; you disciplined me because I needed it.76 Now let your unfailing love comfort me, just as you promised me, your servant.77 Surround me with your tender mercies so I may live, for your law is my delight.78 Bring disgrace upon the arrogant people who lied about me; meanwhile, I will concentrate on your commandments.79 Let me be reconciled with all who fear you and know your decrees.80 May I be blameless in keeping your principles; then I will never have to be ashamed.81 I faint with longing for your salvation; but I have put my hope in your word.82 My eyes are straining to see your promises come true. When will you comfort me?83 I am shriveled like a wineskin in the smoke, exhausted with waiting. But I cling to your principles and obey them.84 How long must I wait? When will you punish those who persecute me?85 These arrogant people who hate your law have dug deep pits for me to fall into.86 All your commands are trustworthy. Protect me from those who hunt me down without cause.87 They almost finished me off, but I refused to abandon your commandments.88 In your unfailing love, spare my life; then I can continue to obey your decrees.89 Forever, O LORD, your word stands firm in heaven.90 Your faithfulness extends to every generation, as enduring as the earth you created.91 Your laws remain true today, for everything serves your plans.92 If your law hadn't sustained me with joy, I would have died in my misery.93 I will never forget your commandments, for you have used them to restore my joy and health.94 I am yours; save me! For I have applied myself to obey your commandments.95 Though the wicked hide along the way to kill me, I will quietly keep my mind on your decrees.96 Even perfection has its limits, but your commands have no limit.97 Oh, how I love your law! I think about it all day long.98 Your commands make me wiser than my enemies, for your commands are my constant guide.99 Yes, I have more insight than my teachers, for I am always thinking of your decrees.100 I am even wiser than my elders, for I have kept your commandments.101 I have refused to walk on any path of evil, that I may remain obedient to your word.102 I haven't turned away from your laws, for you have taught me well.103 How sweet are your words to my taste; they are sweeter than honey.104 Your commandments give me understanding; no wonder I hate every false way of life.105 Your word is a lamp for my feet and a light for my path.106 I've promised it once, and I'll promise again: I will obey your wonderful laws.107 I have suffered much, O LORD; restore my life again, just as you promised.108 LORD, accept my grateful thanks and teach me your laws.109 My life constantly hangs in the balance, but I will not stop obeying your law.110 The wicked have set their traps for me along your path, but I will not turn from your commandments.111 Your decrees are my treasure; they are truly my heart's delight.112 I am determined to keep your principles, even forever, to the very end.113 I hate those who are undecided about you, but my choice is clear--I love your law.114 You are my refuge and my shield; your word is my only source of hope.115 Get out of my life, you evil-minded people, for I intend to obey the commands of my God.116 LORD, sustain me as you promised, that I may live! Do not let my hope be crushed.117 Sustain me, and I will be saved; then I will meditate on your principles continually.118 But you have rejected all who stray from your principles. They are only fooling themselves.119 All the wicked of the earth are the scum you skim off; no wonder I love to obey your decrees!120 I tremble in fear of you; I fear your judgments.121 Don't leave me to the mercy of my enemies, for I have done what is just and right.122 Please guarantee a blessing for me. Don't let those who are arrogant oppress me!123 My eyes strain to see your deliverance, to see the truth of your promise fulfilled.124 I am your servant; deal with me in unfailing love, and teach me your principles.125 Give discernment to me, your servant; then I will understand your decrees.126 LORD, it is time for you to act, for these evil people have broken your law.127 Truly, I love your commands more than gold, even the finest gold.128 Truly, each of your commandments is right. That is why I hate every false way.129 Your decrees are wonderful. No wonder I obey them!130 As your words are taught, they give light; even the simple can understand them.131 I open my mouth, panting expectantly, longing for your commands.132 Come and show me your mercy, as you do for all who love your name.133 Guide my steps by your word, so I will not be overcome by any evil.134 Rescue me from the oppression of evil people; then I can obey your commandments.135 Look down on me with love; teach me all your principles.136 Rivers of tears gush from my eyes because people disobey your law.137 O LORD, you are righteous, and your decisions are fair.138 Your decrees are perfect; they are entirely worthy of our trust.139 I am overwhelmed with rage, for my enemies have disregarded your words.140 Your promises have been thoroughly tested; that is why I love them so much.141 I am insignificant and despised, but I don't forget your commandments.142 Your justice is eternal, and your law is perfectly true.143 As pressure and stress bear down on me, I find joy in your commands.144 Your decrees are always fair; help me to understand them, that I may live.145 I pray with all my heart; answer me, LORD! I will obey your principles.146 I cry out to you; save me, that I may obey your decrees.147 I rise early, before the sun is up; I cry out for help and put my hope in your words.148 I stay awake through the night, thinking about your promise.149 In your faithful love, O LORD, hear my cry; in your justice, save my life.150 Those lawless people are coming near to attack me; they live far from your law.151 But you are near, O LORD, and all your commands are true.152 I have known from my earliest days that your decrees never change.153 Look down upon my sorrows and rescue me, for I have not forgotten your law.154 Argue my case; take my side! Protect my life as you promised.155 The wicked are far from salvation, for they do not bother with your principles.156 LORD, how great is your mercy; in your justice, give me back my life.157 Many persecute and trouble me, yet I have not swerved from your decrees.158 I hate these traitors because they care nothing for your word.159 See how I love your commandments, LORD. Give back my life because of your unfailing love.160 All your words are true; all your just laws will stand forever.161 Powerful people harass me without cause, but my heart trembles only at your word.162 I rejoice in your word like one who finds a great treasure.163 I hate and abhor all falsehood, but I love your law.164 I will praise you seven times a day because all your laws are just.165 Those who love your law have great peace and do not stumble.166 I long for your salvation, LORD, so I have obeyed your commands.167 I have obeyed your decrees, and I love them very much.168 Yes, I obey your commandments and decrees, because you know everything I do.169 O LORD, listen to my cry; give me the discerning mind you promised.170 Listen to my prayer; rescue me as you promised.171 Let my lips burst forth with praise, for you have taught me your principles.172 Let my tongue sing about your word, for all your commands are right.173 Stand ready to help me, for I have chosen to follow your commandments.174 O LORD, I have longed for your salvation, and your law is my delight.175 Let me live so I can praise you, and may your laws sustain me.  
176 I have wandered away like a lost sheep; come and find me, for I have not forgotten your commands.