For the choir director: A psalm[a] of David, regarding the time Saul sent soldiers to watch David's house in order to kill him. To be sung to the tune "Do Not Destroy!" 1 Rescue me from my enemies, O God. Protect me from those who have come to destroy me.2 Rescue me from these criminals; save me from these murderers.3 They have set an ambush for me. Fierce enemies are out there waiting, Lord , though I have not sinned or offended them.4 I have done nothing wrong, yet they prepare to attack me. Wake up! See what is happening and help me!5 O Lord  God of Heaven's Armies, the God of Israel, wake up and punish those hostile nations. Show no mercy to wicked traitors. Interlude6 They come out at night, snarling like vicious dogs as they prowl the streets.7 Listen to the filth that comes from their mouths; their words cut like swords. "After all, who can hear us?" they sneer.8 But Lord , you laugh at them. You scoff at all the hostile nations.9 You are my strength; I wait for you to rescue me, for you, O God, are my fortress.10 In his unfailing love, my God will stand with me. He will let me look down in triumph on all my enemies.11 Don't kill them, for my people soon forget such lessons; stagger them with your power, and bring them to their knees, O Lord our shield.12 Because of the sinful things they say, because of the evil that is on their lips, let them be captured by their pride, their curses, and their lies.13 Destroy them in your anger! Wipe them out completely! Then the whole world will know that God reigns in Israel.[b]Interlude14 My enemies come out at night, snarling like vicious dogs as they prowl the streets.15 They scavenge for food but go to sleep unsatisfied.[c]16 But as for me, I will sing about your power. Each morning I will sing with joy about your unfailing love. For you have been my refuge, a place of safety when I am in distress.17 O my Strength, to you I sing praises, for you, O God, are my refuge, the God who shows me unfailing love.       Footnotes:a.   59:TITLE  Hebrew miktam. This may be a literary or musical term.  b.   59:13 Hebrew in Jacob. See note on 44:4.  c.   59:15 Or and growl if they don't get enough. 
