*A psalm of David, regarding the time he pretended to be insane in front of Abimelech, who sent him away. 1 I will praise the Lord  at all times. I will constantly speak his praises.
2 I will boast only in the Lord ; let all who are helpless take heart.
3 Come, let us tell of the Lord 's greatness; let us exalt his name together.
4 I prayed to the Lord , and he answered me. He freed me from all my fears.
5 Those who look to him for help will be radiant with joy; no shadow of shame will darken their faces.
6 In my desperation I prayed, and the Lord  listened; he saved me from all my troubles.
7 For the angel of the Lord  is a guard; he surrounds and defends all who fear him.
8 Taste and see that the Lord  is good. Oh, the joys of those who take refuge in him!
9 Fear the Lord , you his godly people, for those who fear him will have all they need.
10 Even strong young lions sometimes go hungry, but those who trust in the Lord  will lack no good thing.
11 Come, my children, and listen to me, and I will teach you to fear the Lord .
12 Does anyone want to live a life that is long and prosperous?
13 Then keep your tongue from speaking evil and your lips from telling lies!
14 Turn away from evil and do good. Search for peace, and work to maintain it.
15 The eyes of the Lord  watch over those who do right; his ears are open to their cries for help.
16 But the Lord  turns his face against those who do evil; he will erase their memory from the earth.
17 The Lord  hears his people when they call to him for help. He rescues them from all their troubles.
18 The Lord  is close to the brokenhearted; he rescues those whose spirits are crushed.
19 The righteous person faces many troubles, but the Lord  comes to the rescue each time.
20 For the Lord  protects the bones of the righteous; not one of them is broken!
21 Calamity will surely destroy the wicked, and those who hate the righteous will be punished.
22 But the Lord  will redeem those who serve him. No one who takes refuge in him will be condemned.       

Footnotes:
 34 This psalm is a Hebrew acrostic poem; each verse begins with a successive letter of the Hebrew alphabet.  
