1  Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good! His faithful love endures forever.2 Let the congregation of Israel repeat: "His faithful love endures forever."3 Let Aaron's descendants, the priests, repeat: "His faithful love endures forever."4 Let all who fear the LORD repeat: "His faithful love endures forever."5 In my distress I prayed to the LORD, and the LORD answered me and rescued me.6 The LORD is for me, so I will not be afraid. What can mere mortals do to me?7 Yes, the LORD is for me; he will help me. I will look in triumph at those who hate me.8 It is better to trust the LORD than to put confidence in people.9 It is better to trust the LORD than to put confidence in princes.10 Though hostile nations surrounded me, I destroyed them all in the name of the LORD.11 Yes, they surrounded and attacked me, but I destroyed them all in the name of the LORD.12 They swarmed around me like bees; they blazed against me like a roaring flame. But I destroyed them all in the name of the LORD.13 You did your best to kill me, O my enemy, but the LORD helped me.14 The LORD is my strength and my song; he has become my victory.15 Songs of joy and victory are sung in the camp of the godly. The strong right arm of the LORD has done glorious things!16 The strong right arm of the LORD is raised in triumph. The strong right arm of the LORD has done glorious things!17 I will not die, but I will live to tell what the LORD has done.18 The LORD has punished me severely, but he has not handed me over to death.19 Open for me the gates where the righteous enter, and I will go in and thank the LORD.20 Those gates lead to the presence of the LORD, and the godly enter there.21 I thank you for answering my prayer and saving me!22 The stone rejected by the builders has now become the cornerstone.23 This is the LORD's doing, and it is marvelous to see.24 This is the day the LORD has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it.25 Please, LORD, please save us. Please, LORD, please give us success.26 Bless the one who comes in the name of the LORD. We bless you from the house of the LORD.27 The LORD is God, shining upon us. Bring forward the sacrifice and put it on the altar.28 You are my God, and I will praise you! You are my God, and I will exalt you!29 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good! His faithful love endures forever.