1  O God, whom I praise, don't stand silent and aloof2 while the wicked slander me and tell lies about me.3 They are all around me with their hateful words, and they fight against me for no reason.4 I love them, but they try to destroy me-- even as I am praying for them!5 They return evil for good, and hatred for my love.6 Arrange for an evil person to turn on him. Send an accuser to bring him to trial.7 When his case is called for judgment, let him be pronounced guilty. Count his prayers as sins.8 Let his years be few; let his position be given to someone else.9 May his children become fatherless, and may his wife become a widow.10 May his children wander as beggars; may they be evicted from their ruined homes.11 May creditors seize his entire estate, and strangers take all he has earned.12 Let no one be kind to him; let no one pity his fatherless children.13 May all his offspring die. May his family name be blotted out in a single generation.14 May the LORD never forget the sins of his ancestors; may his mother's sins never be erased from the record.15 May these sins always remain before the LORD, but may his name be cut off from human memory.16 For he refused all kindness to others; he persecuted the poor and needy, and he hounded the brokenhearted to death.17 He loved to curse others; now you curse him. He never blessed others; now don't you bless him.18 Cursing is as much a part of him as his clothing, or as the water he drinks, or the rich food he eats.19 Now may his curses return and cling to him like clothing; may they be tied around him like a belt.20 May those curses become the LORD's punishment for my accusers who are plotting against my life.21 But deal well with me, O Sovereign LORD, for the sake of your own reputation! Rescue me because you are so faithful and good.22 For I am poor and needy, and my heart is full of pain.23 I am fading like a shadow at dusk; I am falling like a grasshopper that is brushed aside.24 My knees are weak from fasting, and I am skin and bones.25 I am an object of mockery to people everywhere; when they see me, they shake their heads.26 Help me, O LORD my God! Save me because of your unfailing love.27 Let them see that this is your doing, that you yourself have done it, LORD.28 Then let them curse me if they like, but you will bless me! When they attack me, they will be disgraced! But I, your servant, will go right on rejoicing!29 Make their humiliation obvious to all; clothe my accusers with disgrace.30 But I will give repeated thanks to the LORD, praising him to everyone.31 For he stands beside the needy, ready to save them from those who condemn them.