1  O LORD, oppose those who oppose me. Declare war on those who are attacking me.2 Put on your armor, and take up your shield. Prepare for battle, and come to my aid.3 Lift up your spear and javelin and block the way of my enemies. Let me hear you say, "I am your salvation!"4 Humiliate and disgrace those trying to kill me; turn them back in confusion.5 Blow them away like chaff in the wind-- a wind sent by the angel of the LORD.6 Make their path dark and slippery, with the angel of the LORD pursuing them.7 Although I did them no wrong, they laid a trap for me. Although I did them no wrong, they dug a pit for me.8 So let sudden ruin overtake them! Let them be caught in the snare they set for me! Let them fall to destruction in the pit they dug for me.9 Then I will rejoice in the LORD. I will be glad because he rescues me.10 I will praise him from the bottom of my heart: "LORD, who can compare with you? Who else rescues the weak and helpless from the strong? Who else protects the poor and needy from those who want to rob them?"11 Malicious witnesses testify against me. They accuse me of things I don't even know about.12 They repay me with evil for the good I do. I am sick with despair.13 Yet when they were ill, I grieved for them. I even fasted and prayed for them, but my prayers returned unanswered.14 I was sad, as though they were my friends or family, as if I were grieving for my own mother.15 But they are glad now that I am in trouble; they gleefully join together against me. I am attacked by people I don't even know; they hurl slander at me continually.16 They mock me with the worst kind of profanity, and they snarl at me.17 How long, O Lord, will you look on and do nothing? Rescue me from their fierce attacks. Protect my life from these lions!18 Then I will thank you in front of the entire congregation. I will praise you before all the people.19 Don't let my treacherous enemies rejoice over my defeat. Don't let those who hate me without cause gloat over my sorrow.20 They don't talk of peace; they plot against innocent people who are minding their own business.21 They shout that they have seen me doing wrong. "Aha," they say. "Aha! With our own eyes we saw him do it!"22 O LORD, you know all about this. Do not stay silent. Don't abandon me now, O Lord.23 Wake up! Rise to my defense! Take up my case, my God and my Lord.24 Declare me "not guilty," O LORD my God, for you give justice. Don't let my enemies laugh about me in my troubles.25 Don't let them say, "Look! We have what we wanted! Now we will eat him alive!"26 May those who rejoice at my troubles be humiliated and disgraced. May those who triumph over me be covered with shame and dishonor.27 But give great joy to those who have stood with me in my defense. Let them continually say, "Great is the LORD, who enjoys helping his servant."28 Then I will tell everyone of your justice and goodness, and I will praise you all day long.