1  O God, we have heard it with our own ears-- our ancestors have told us of all you did in other days, in days long ago:2 You drove out the pagan nations and gave all the land to our ancestors; you crushed their enemies, setting our ancestors free.3 They did not conquer the land with their swords; it was not their own strength that gave them victory. It was by your mighty power that they succeeded; it was because you favored them and smiled on them.4 You are my King and my God. You command victories for your people.[a]5 Only by your power can we push back our enemies; only in your name can we trample our foes.6 I do not trust my bow; I do not count on my sword to save me.7 It is you who gives us victory over our enemies; it is you who humbles those who hate us.8 O God, we give glory to you all day long and constantly praise your name.9 But now you have tossed us aside in dishonor. You no longer lead our armies to battle.10 You make us retreat from our enemies and allow them to plunder our land.11 You have treated us like sheep waiting to be slaughtered; you have scattered us among the nations.12 You sold us--your precious people--for a pittance. You valued us at nothing at all.13 You have caused all our neighbors to mock us. We are an object of scorn and derision to the nations around us.14 You have made us the butt of their jokes; we are scorned by the whole world.15 We can't escape the constant humiliation; shame is written across our faces.16 All we hear are the taunts of our mockers. All we see are our vengeful enemies.17 All this has happened despite our loyalty to you. We have not violated your covenant.18 Our hearts have not deserted you. We have not strayed from your path.19 Yet you have crushed us in the desert. You have covered us with darkness and death.20 If we had turned away from worshiping our God or spread our hands in prayer to foreign gods,21 God would surely have known it, for he knows the secrets of every heart.22 For your sake we are killed every day; we are being slaughtered like sheep.23 Wake up, O Lord! Why do you sleep? Get up! Do not reject us forever.24 Why do you look the other way? Why do you ignore our suffering and oppression?25 We collapse in the dust, lying face down in the dirt.26 Rise up! Come and help us! Save us because of your unfailing love.