1  I love you, LORD; you are my strength.2 The LORD is my rock, my fortress, and my savior; my God is my rock, in whom I find protection. He is my shield, the strength of my salvation, and my stronghold.3 I will call on the LORD, who is worthy of praise, for he saves me from my enemies.4 The ropes of death surrounded me; the floods of destruction swept over me.5 The grave[a] wrapped its ropes around me; death itself stared me in the face.6 But in my distress I cried out to the LORD; yes, I prayed to my God for help. He heard me from his sanctuary; my cry reached his ears.7 Then the earth quaked and trembled; the foundations of the mountains shook; they quaked because of his anger.8 Smoke poured from his nostrils; fierce flames leaped from his mouth; glowing coals flamed forth from him.9 He opened the heavens and came down; dark storm clouds were beneath his feet.10 Mounted on a mighty angel,[b] he flew, soaring on the wings of the wind.11 He shrouded himself in darkness, veiling his approach with dense rain clouds.12 The brilliance of his presence broke through the clouds, raining down hail and burning coals.13 The LORD thundered from heaven; the Most High gave a mighty shout.[c]14 He shot his arrows and scattered his enemies; his lightning flashed, and they were greatly confused.15 Then at your command, O LORD, at the blast of your breath, the bottom of the sea could be seen, and the foundations of the earth were laid bare.16 He reached down from heaven and rescued me; he drew me out of deep waters.17 He delivered me from my powerful enemies, from those who hated me and were too strong for me.18 They attacked me at a moment when I was weakest, but the LORD upheld me.19 He led me to a place of safety; he rescued me because he delights in me.20 The LORD rewarded me for doing right; he compensated me because of my innocence.21 For I have kept the ways of the LORD; I have not turned from my God to follow evil.22 For all his laws are constantly before me; I have never abandoned his principles.23 I am blameless before God; I have kept myself from sin.24 The LORD rewarded me for doing right, because of the innocence of my hands in his sight.25 To the faithful you show yourself faithful; to those with integrity you show integrity.26 To the pure you show yourself pure, but to the wicked you show yourself hostile.27 You rescue those who are humble, but you humiliate the proud.28 LORD, you have brought light to my life; my God, you light up my darkness.29 In your strength I can crush an army; with my God I can scale any wall.30 As for God, his way is perfect. All the LORD's promises prove true. He is a shield for all who look to him for protection.31 For who is God except the LORD? Who but our God is a solid rock?32 God arms me with strength; he has made my way safe.33 He makes me as surefooted as a deer, leading me safely along the mountain heights.34 He prepares me for battle; he strengthens me to draw a bow of bronze.35 You have given me the shield of your salvation. Your right hand supports me; your gentleness has made me great.36 You have made a wide path for my feet to keep them from slipping.37 I chased my enemies and caught them; I did not stop until they were conquered.38 I struck them down so they could not get up; they fell beneath my feet.39 You have armed me with strength for the battle; you have subdued my enemies under my feet.40 You made them turn and run; I have destroyed all who hated me.41 They called for help, but no one came to rescue them. They cried to the LORD, but he refused to answer them.42 I ground them as fine as dust carried by the wind. I swept them into the gutter like dirt.43 You gave me victory over my accusers. You appointed me as the ruler over nations; people I don't even know now serve me.44 As soon as they hear of me, they submit; foreigners cringe before me.45 They all lose their courage and come trembling from their strongholds.46 The LORD lives! Blessed be my rock! May the God of my salvation be exalted!47 He is the God who pays back those who harm me; he subdues the nations under me48 and rescues me from my enemies. You hold me safe beyond the reach of my enemies; you save me from violent opponents.49 For this, O LORD, I will praise you among the nations; I will sing joyfully to your name.50 You give great victories to your king; you show unfailing love to your anointed, to David and all his descendants forever.