1 Do not rejoice, O Israel, with joy like other peoples, For you have played the harlot against your God. You have made love for hire on every threshing floor.2 The threshing floor and the winepress Shall not feed them, And the new wine shall fail in her.3 They shall not dwell in the Lord 's land, But Ephraim shall return to Egypt, And shall eat unclean things in Assyria.4 They shall not offer wine offerings to the Lord , Nor shall their sacrifices be pleasing to Him. It shall be like bread of mourners to them; All who eat it shall be defiled. For their bread shall be for their own life; It shall not come into the house of the Lord .5 What will you do in the appointed day, And in the day of the feast of the Lord ?6 For indeed they are gone because of destruction. Egypt shall gather them up; Memphis shall bury them. Nettles shall possess their valuables of silver; Thorns shall be in their tents.7 The days of punishment have come; The days of recompense have come. Israel knows! The prophet is a fool, The spiritual man is insane, Because of the greatness of your iniquity and great enmity.8 The watchman of Ephraim is with my God; But the prophet is a fowler's snare in all his ways- Enmity in the house of his God.9 They are deeply corrupted, As in the days of Gibeah. He will remember their iniquity; He will punish their sins.10 "I found Israel Like grapes in the wilderness; I saw your fathers As the firstfruits on the fig tree in its first season. But they went to Baal Peor, And separated themselves to that shame; They became an abomination like the thing they loved.11 As for Ephraim, their glory shall fly away like a bird- No birth, no pregnancy, and no conception!12 Though they bring up their children, Yet I will bereave them to the last man. Yes, woe to them when I depart from them!13 Just as I saw Ephraim like Tyre, planted in a pleasant place, So Ephraim will bring out his children to the murderer."14 Give them, O Lord - What will You give? Give them a miscarrying womb And dry breasts!15 "All their wickedness is in Gilgal, For there I hated them. Because of the evil of their deeds I will drive them from My house; I will love them no more. All their princes are rebellious.16 Ephraim is stricken, Their root is dried up; They shall bear no fruit. Yes, were they to bear children, I would kill the darlings of their womb."17 My God will cast them away, Because they did not obey Him; And they shall be wanderers among the nations.
