Chapter 1Requisites for Submission of QualificationsArticle 1　 This Guidelines are stipulated in accordance with the provisions of Article 14 Paragraph 4 specified in the Act of Governing the Appointment of Educators (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”) and the provisions of Article 10 specified in the Techers’ Act.Article 2　 Where any of the following conditions applies, a teacher may apply for qualifications screening.1. The applicant is appointed and actually teaching in the school. But, if a school is approved and its students of the first academic year have not yet enrolled, the applicant who has been appointed by the school and actually reported for duty may apply for screening in advance.2. The applicant is part-time teacher, has a letter of appointment, and has an official teaching load of one semester credit hour. An in-person instructing teacher who is working part-time has an official teaching load of two semester credit hours at a national and/or special municipal open university, specialized subject department affiliated to an open university, open college, or open junior college.3. A teacher receiving his/her school’s approval for leave with pay or without pay is returning to the school to tech voluntarily and his/her teaching load is in conformity to the semester credit hour(s) specified in the preceding SubparagraphIn an application specified in the preceding Paragraph, the teacher should conduct the application through the school he/she is serving full time and may be approved by a Teacher Evaluation Committee at school level (hereinafter referred to as the “TEC”) of the original school for deployment on assignment to another school. If he/her does not work for full time at any schools, then he/she may conduct the application through the school he/she is working part-time.A teacher who is undertaking full-time advanced studies, researches, or lecturing abroad should not submit the application for screening if he/she did not give lessons in the semester when he/she applies for the screening to the lowest-level TEC of the school.Article 3　 The determination of seniority accrued and calculations of a teacher’s teaching jobs specified in the provisions from Article 16 to Article 18 of this Guidelines is as follows:1. If a teacher has accrued seniority for a certain employment grade, the seniority of the teacher should be counted starting from the date specified in his/her Teacher’s Certificate of the employment grade. But, if the starting date for counting seniority specified in the teacher’s rank certification is later than that of Teacher’s Certificate, the teacher’s seniority should be counted starting from the date specified in the teacher’s rank certification.2. When a full-time teacher applies for promotion, the teacher’s seniority during the period of undertaking full-time advanced studies, researches, or scholarly exchange should be counted for a maximum of one year. When a teacher is approved for deployment on assignment and has returned to the original school to teach voluntarily during the period of the deployment on assignment, the teacher’s seniority during the period should be counted for a maximum of two years.If a teacher whose condition is specified in the Subparagraph 1 of the preceding Paragraph and his/her seniority for a full-time teacher at a foreign school may be duly taken into account in the calculations of seniority when submitting for qualifications screening, the foreign school should meet one of the following requirements:1. The school should be one of the school listed in the Reference List of Foreign Universities (hereinafter referred to as the “Reference List”) published by the Ministry of Education (hereinafter referred to as the “Ministry”). If the school is not listed in the Reference List, it should be approved by the Ministry.2. The school should be one of the school listed in the Approved List of Mainland, Hong Kong, and Macao Universities (hereinafter referred to as the “Approved List”).The seniority of research works, professional jobs or positions specified in the provisions from Article 16 to Article 18 of the Guidelines should be calculated starting from the date specified in the official Service Certificate issued by the agency (institution) of service, while the school should determine the teacher’s eligibility in accordance with relevant provisions prescribed in the Enforcement Rules of this Guidelines.Article 4　 The incumbent civil servants who have obtained the Teaching Assistant Certificate or Lecturer Certificate issued by the Ministry before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997, and have continued to teach without being interrupted may apply for qualifications screening for teaching at higher employment grade in accordance with the provisions before the amendments to the original guidelines for promotions having taken effect. But the procedure of screening should still follow the provisions of this Guidelines.Article 5　 The teaching continuity prescribed in the preceding Article should comply with one of the provisions specified in the following Subparagraphs:1. Full-time teachers: The teachers should have an actual official teaching load for each semester. But, if a teacher receiving the school’s approval for leave with pay or without pay; therefore, he/she is not actually teaching, the teacher is not subject to the conditions.2. Part-time teachers: The teachers should continue to obtain a letter of appointment each semester, and has an official teaching load of at least one semester credit hour for each semester.3. In-person instructing teachers who are working part-time at a national and/or special municipal open university, specialized subject department affiliated to an open university, open college, or open junior college, should have an official teaching load of at least two semester credit hours for each semester.4. Full-time teaching assistants: The assistants should obtain a letter of appointment each academic year and should assist in teaching and research.Chapter 2Submission of Relevant DocumentsArticle 6　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Lecturer according to the provisions of Article 16 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines: Master's or the equivalent degree certificate and transcripts.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16 Subparagraph 2 or Subparagraph 3 of this Guidelines: Bachelor’s degree certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.Article 7　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Lecturer according to the provisions of Article 30-1 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997: Master's or the equivalent degree certificate, Teaching Assistant Certificate, relevant seniority of service, and transcripts.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16 Subparagraph 2 of this Guidelines before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997: Bachelor’s degree certificate, Teaching Assistant Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.Article 8　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Assistant Professor according to the provisions of Article 16-1 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16-1 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines: Doctoral or the equivalent degree certificate, transcripts, and academic works.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16-1 Subparagraph 2 of this Guidelines: Master’s or the equivalent degree certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.3. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16-1 Subparagraph 3 of this Guidelines: Bachelor’s degree certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.4. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 16-1 Subparagraph 4 of this Guidelines: Lecturer’s Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.Article 9　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Associate Professor according to the provisions of Article 17 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 17 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines: Doctoral or the equivalent degree certificate, relevant seniority of service, and academic works.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 17 Subparagraph 2 of this Guidelines: Assistant Professor Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.Article 10 　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Associate Professor according to the provisions of Article 30-1 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 17 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997: Doctoral or the equivalent degree certificate, Teaching Assistant Certificate, relevant seniority of service, and academic works.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 17 Subparagraph 2 of this Guidelines before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997: Master’s degree certificate, Teaching Assistant Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.3. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 17 Subparagraph 3 of this Guidelines before the amendments to this Guidelines having taken effect on March 21, 1997: Lecturer Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and academic works.Article 11 　 Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening for Professor according to the provisions of Article 18 of this Guidelines should fill out a Teacher Qualification Resume and hand in the following documents:1. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 18 Subparagraph 1 of this Guidelines: Doctoral or the equivalent degree certificate, relevant seniority of service, proofs of creative works and/or invention that have important academic contributions, or important academic works.2. Applicants who apply for the qualifications screening according to the provisions of Article 18 Subparagraph 2 of this Guidelines: Associate Professor Certificate, relevant seniority of service, transcripts, and important academic worksArticle 12 　 The superior academic performance specified in the provisions from Article 16 to Article 18 of this Guidelines, in addition to transcripts, may also be replaced or supplemented by other personal relevant supporting documentation about academic, professional achievements or materials.Chapter 3Category of SubmissionArticle 13 　 A teacher may apply for qualifications screening by submitting, according to his/her areas of expertise, academic works, creative works, proofs of merit, technical reports, etc., specified in the provisions of Article 14 Paragraph 2 and Paragraph 3 of this Guidelines to demonstrate his/her research or research and development achievements in contributions to theories or practices (including teaching) in a specialized field.Article 14 　 A teacher may submit his/her academic works for qualifications screening if the teacher’s research achievements have specific contributions to any academic fields.Article 15 　 Teachers in the discipline of applied science and technology may submit technical reports for qualifications screening, if the teacher has specific research and development achievements and the achievements have contributed to innovation, improvement, or extended applications in theories and practices of a specific technology. The screening scope and benchmarks are listed in Attachment 1.Attachment 1.pdf
