Article 1
This Act is enacted for the establishment of the National Synchrotron Radiation Research Center (hereinafter “NSRRC”) to operate and utilize synchrotron radiation facilities with efficacy, to carry out advanced synchrotron radiation research in fundamental and applied science, and to elevate the level of scientific research and international standing of the nation. Article 2
NSRRC shall be incorporated in the form of a foundation in pursuance of this Act. Any and all matters not provided herein shall be governed by other applicable laws. Article 3
The functions of NSRRC are as follows:1. Research, development and construction of accelerators and insertion devices, and their operation, maintenance as well as performance upgrade;2. Research, development and construction of beamlines and experimental stations and their operation, maintenance as well as performance upgrade;3. Provision of advanced synchrotron radiation light sources and experimental facilities and expansion of their applications;4. Drafting, planning, and executing projects for advanced synchrotron radiation research in fundamental and applied science;5. Training of scientific and technological talents in the field of synchrotron radiation;6. Promotion of international cooperation and exchange in synchrotron radiation research;7. Matters concerning radiation safety and the general safety protection at NSRRC; and　8. Other matters in relation to the promotion of synchrotron radiation activities. Article 4
The competent authority in charge of NSRRC shall be the National Science Council under the Executive Yuan. Article 5
The start-up funds of NSRRC shall be five hundred million New Taiwan Dollars (NT00,000,000), which shall be donated by the central government by way of budget to be earmarked annually.All state-owned public property made available by the National Science Council under the Executive Yuan for use in the synchrotron radiation research shall be donated to NSRRC in pursuance of legal budgetary procedures without subject to the applicable restrictions set forth in the State-Owned Property Act on the disposal of state-owned property. Article 6
The sources of funds of NSRRC shall include:1. Proceeds from the start-up funds;2. Government subsidies for operation and maintenance of accelerators and their peripheral experimental facilities;3. Government subsidies for specific research projects;4. Revenue from contract research carried out and services provided by NSRRC;5. Donations from foreign and domestic governments and private institutions, organizations and/or individuals; and6. Other revenues. Article 7
NSRRC shall have a board of trustees to be composed of nine (9) to fifteen (15) trustees, all of whom shall be appointed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan from the following pools of candidates:1. Minister of the National Science Council and heads of other government agencies concerned, and2. Domestic and foreign experts and scholars with distinguished achievements in science and technology and international reputation.All trustees shall serve for a term of three (3) years and shall be eligible for reappointment. The number of trustees appointed under Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph shall not exceed one-third of the total number of trustees of NSRRC, and each shall be appointed, removed or replaced respectively on account of his official position. In case any of the trustees appointed under Subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph shall fall vacant before expiration of the term, a replacement trustee shall be appointed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan to serve for the remaining term of the trustee so replaced. Article 8
There shall be a chairman of the board of trustees, who shall be appointed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan, and an executive secretary, who shall be nominated and appointed by the chairman upon approval by the board of trustees and shall be charged with the duty to assist the chairman in handling the business of the board of trustees. Article 9
NSRRC shall have a board of supervisors to be composed of three (3) supervisors, all of whom shall be appointed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan, and one of whom shall be the standing supervisor. All supervisors shall serve for a term of three (3) years and shall be eligible for reappointment. In case any of the supervisors shall fall vacant before expiration of the term, a replacement supervisor shall be appointed by the Premier of the Executive Yuan to serve for the remaining term of the supervisor so replaced.The standing supervisor shall attend meetings of the board of trustees without the right to vote. Article 10
NSRRC shall have a director and one (1) or two (2) deputy directors, all of whom shall be appointed by the board of trustees. The director shall have the duty to take charge of all activities of NSRRC under the direction and supervision of the board of trustees, and the deputy director(s) shall have the duty to assist the director in handling activities of NSRRC. Article 11
The trustees, supervisors, chairman, standing supervisor and executive secretary of NSRRC shall all serve without pay or remuneration.The organization of NSRRC and all rules of personnel management relating to matters such as appointment, removal and retirement of and salaries, benefits and pension for full-time employees of NSRRC shall, upon resolution adopted by the board of trustees, be submitted to the competent authority for approval. Article 12
The budget and final accounts of NSRRC shall be prepared and audited in pursuance of the following procedures:1. Before the commencement of each fiscal year, NSRRC shall formulate its work plan and prepare a budget and shall, upon being adopted by the board of trustees, submit the same to the competent authority for processing in pursuance of the budgetary procedures; and2. At the end of each fiscal year, NSRRC shall present its work achievements and final account to the board of supervisors for review and auditing and shall then submit the same to the competent authority for processing in pursuance of the final account procedures. Article 13
The Articles of Donation of NSRRC shall be established in accordance with this Act and other applicable laws and regulations. Article 14
In the event of change of circumstance, making it impossible for NSRRC to attain the objects for which it is established, NSRRC may be legally dissolved, subject to resolution to be adopted by the board of directors or announcement to be made by the competent authority. Upon dissolution, NSRRC shall undergo the legal process of liquidation. Any property remaining after such liquidation shall be turned to the central government, and all employees of NSRRC shall be discharged. Article 15
This Act shall become effective as of the date of promulgation. 
