Chapter 1General PrinciplesArticle 1　 The purpose of arts education is to cultivate artistic talent, enhance the understanding of the public in regard to the arts, strengthen their sense of aesthetics and creativity, enrich their spiritual life, and raise the overall level of culture.Article 2　 Arts education is implemented in order to improve the understanding of the public in regard to the arts and enhance their sense of aesthetics. The arts education includes the following categories:1. Performance arts education.2. Visual arts education.3. Audio-visual arts education.4. Arts administration education.5. Other types of education related to art and aesthetics.Article 3　 The designated administrative authority for arts education shall be the Ministry of Education at the level of central government; the municipal government at the level of special municipalities; and the county (city) government at the level of counties (or county-level cities).Article 4　 Arts education is implemented in the following three ways:1. Professional arts education offered at schools.2. General arts education offered at schools.3. Arts education offered to the public.The education of the preceding paragraph shall be implemented by schools, social education institutions, other cultural and educational institutions, or social associations in accordance with the nature of the education.Article 5　 The designated administrative authorities for arts education at each level shall grant awards to those organizations, associations, and individuals with outstanding achievements in the work of arts and aesthetic education; the relevant go verning regulations shall be prescribed by the respective designated administrative authority for arts education.Schools at all levels shall promote and enforce respect for patent rights, trademark rights, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of works derived from arts education activities.Article 5-1　 The designated administrative authorities for arts education at each level shall oversee all schools at the senior high school level or below within their jurisdiction regarding their curriculum arrangement and lectures in accordance with relevant curriculum standards. In case that the relevant regulations are not followed by such schools, it is required that the designated authorities set a deadline for improvement and provide follow-up guidance.Chapter 2Professional Arts Education Offered at SchoolsArticle 6　 The purpose of the professional arts education offered at schools is to teach art theory and technique, to carry out artistic research and creation, and to cultivate a diverse group of arts professionals.Article 7　 Professional arts education offered at schools shall be provided by schools of the following types and at the following levels:1. The art departments or graduate institutes of universities, colleges, and junior colleges.2. Universities, colleges, junior colleges, and senior high schools for arts education and their affiliated junior high school or elementary school divisions.3. Classes for artistically gifted students at senior high schools, junior high schools, and elementary schools.As educational needs require, the universities, colleges, junior colleges, and senior high schools for arts education under subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph may implement a single-track educational system after receiving approval from the designated administrative authority for arts education.Article 8　 After applying to and receiving approval from the designated administrative authorities for arts education, schools at the senior high school level or below may set up classes for artistically gifted students to guide them in appropriate development based on their abilities, inclinations, and interests.The standards for establishment of the classes for artistically gifted students under the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education.When necessary, schools may organize a professional qualification review team to evaluate part-time teachers and substitute teachers of the classes for artistically gifted students, and supervise matters relevant to the hourly salary of such teachers.In case that the classes for artistically gifted students underperform, and there is still no improvement after the deadline set by the designated administrative authorities for arts education, it may be ordered to decrease the number of classes.Article 9　 Extension education in the arts may be offered by schools for arts education at all levels, as well as universities, colleges, and junior colleges with art departments or graduate institutes, and senior high schools, junior high schools, and elementary schools with classes for artistically gifted students; the relevant governing regulations shall be prescribed by the designated educational authorities at the corresponding levels.Article 10 　 As educational needs require, practice, performance, and research units or venues may be established at the respective campuses of schools for arts education at all levels, as well as universities, colleges, and junior colleges with art departments or graduate institutes, and senior high schools, junior high schools, and elementary schools with classes for artistically gifted students.The regulations governing establishment and management of the units and venues of the preceding paragraph shall be formulated by the respective schools and submitted to the designated educational authorities at the corresponding levels for ratification. Schools may apply to their respective designated educational authority for subsidies for the establishment of such units and venues.Article 11 　 The qualifications for student enrollment and the required years of study at schools for arts education at various levels, as well as at universities, colleges, and junior colleges with art departments or graduate institutes, and at schools with classes for artistically gifted students shall be as provided in the laws and regulations governing the schools at each respective level. For students with special artistic talent who pass specific screening tests, however, the age of admittance may be lowered, admission qualifications relaxed, or the required years of study reduced.The regulations governing the age of admittance, relaxation of admission qualifications, and reduction of required years of study for students with special artistic talent, and the standards for their special screening tests, shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education.Article 12 　 Assessments of students enrolling at the affiliated junior high school or elementary school divisions of senior high schools for arts education, or in classes for the artistically gifted at junior high or elementary schools, shall be carried out by the designated education authorities; parental applications and registrations shall not be subject to restriction based on their individual school district.Article 13 　 If a student enrolled in a senior high school (or class) for arts education or in specialized arts education at any lower level is unable to continue studies there or has failed to adapt successfully, as determined through meetings by school officials, he or she may be transferred to ordinary classes through guidance by the original school of enrollment or apply for transfer to a different school.Article 14 　 Courses offered by schools at all levels that provide professional arts education or classes for artistically gifted students shall place primary emphasis on specialized education. Matters regarding facilities, class sizes, qualifications for hiring of instructors, faculty sizes, and curriculum design shall be determined through joint discussions between experts invited by the school and representatives of parents, in coordination with the needs of each individual art department.Article 14-1　 The designated administrative authorities forarts education at each level shall allocate funds specially designated for the promotion of professional arts education activities to be held by schools at all levels.Chapter 3General Arts Education at SchoolsArticle 15 　 The purpose of general arts education at schools is to increase the knowledge of art among students, enhance their ability to appreciate art, cultivate greater enjoyment of life, and develop their artistic potentials.Article 15-1　 The central designated administrative authority for arts education shall assist special municipality / city / county governments to augment the number of professional teachers in the field of arts for schools in remote areas or for schools of a smaller size via joint hiring, itinerant guidance or other approaches; when necessary, subsidies may be granted.Article 16 　 Schools at all levels shall implement effective education in art subjects, offering relevant arts courses and art appreciation courses, and enhancing the materials and teaching methods used.The art appreciation courses of the preceding paragraph shall be listed as required courses for all schools at the senior high school level and below. The Ministry of Education shall prescribe unified curriculum standards to ensure consistency in the courses.Article 16-1　 In line with the implementation of art-related courses, besides schools at all levels calling for artists to join the artists-in-residence projects, artists or professional art associations may submit application, along with relevant resumes, for such projects; the scope and procedures of implementation, content of work, subsidy items and criteria shall be prescribed by the designated administrative authorities for arts education at each level.Article 17 　 Schools at all levels shall augment their arts education facilities, beautify their school campus environments, organize artistic activities related to daily life, and encourage the development of art societies within the school.Schools at all levels shall make good use of the artistic resources in their local area and strengthen their ties with arts organizations in order to enhance the quality of their general arts education.Article 18 　 The designated educational authorities at various levels shall allocate funds specially designated for the funding of general art education activities to be held by schools at all levels.Chapter 4Arts Education for the PublicArticle 19 　 The purpose of arts education for the public is to promote educational activities relating to art among the general public, to further its understanding of the arts, and to inculcate an optimistic and progressive outlook on life, with the aim of achieving social harmony and well-being.Article 20 　 For the purpose of this Act, "arts education for the public" refers to the provision of various educational activities relating to art among the general public in addition to the arts education provided in schools.Article 21 　 The designated authorities for education and culture at all levels shall consider the needs of the society when developing human resources for arts education for the public and for traditional arts education.Article 22 　 For the purpose of providing arts education for the public, public cultural and non-scholastic educational organizations shall commission specialists or skilled craftsmen in arts; the relevant governing regulations shall be jointly prescribed by the Ministry of Education and the central designated authority for cultural affairs.Article 23 　 For the purpose of promoting arts education among the public, the Ministry of Education or the central designated authority for cultural affairs may provide guidance to private professional associations in carrying out artistic skill assessments and certifications; the relevant governing regulations shall be jointly prescribed by the Ministry of Education and the central designated authority for cultural affairs.Article 24 　 For the purpose of raising the artistic level of the society, the designated authorities for education and culture at all levels shall engage in comprehensive planning and promotion of art education activities for the public, and shall bring together or assist various public and private organizations, schools, and social associations in holding these activities.The designated authorities for education and culture at all levels and institutions for cultural activities and non-scholastic education may establish their own or affiliated performing groups.Article 24-1　 Authorities and schools at the senior high school level or below shall encourage employees and teachers to participate in arts and aesthetic courses or activities every year.Arts and aesthetic courses or activities of the preceding paragraph may include relevant speeches, discussions, web learning, experience activities, experiments, internships, field trips, visits to related units, video watching, practice, or other arts or aesthetic activities.Article 25 　 The designated authorities for education and culture at all levels shall allocate funds specially designated for the promotion of art education activities for the public.The designated authorities for education and culture at all levels shall grant awards for the establishment of private foundations that promote art education for the public; the relevant governing regulations shall be jointly prescribed by the Ministry of Education and the central designated authority for cultural affairs.Chapter 5Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 26 　 The enforcement rules for this Act shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education.Article 27 　 This Act shall enter into force from the date of promulgation.
