Article 1
This Act complies with Article 2, Paragraph 2 of the Primary and Junior High School Act. Article 2
Citizens between 6 and 15 years of age (hereafter referred to as “school-age citizens”) shall receive compulsory education according to this Act. Article 3
To implement compulsory education, municipalities and counties (cities) shall establish a compulsory education committee comprising the mayor of each municipality, county governors (city mayors); the heads of the competent education, civil affairs, finance, accounting and statistics, police, and social affairs departments and offices; and the head of each township, and district. The municipal city mayors or county governors shall serve as the chairpersons. Article 4
To implement compulsory education, cities, townships, and districts shall establish a compulsory education committee comprising the mayor or head of each city, township, and district and supervisors of the civil affairs, finance, household registration, health, and social affairs departments and offices, and the principals of primary and junior high schools. The mayor or head of each city, township, and district shall serve as the chairperson. Article 5
The compulsory education committee of each city, township, and district is responsible for promoting and monitoring the enrollment of school-age citizens. Article 6
Parents or guardians of school-age citizens have the responsibility of ensuring the enrollment of their children or wards, and for implementing family education to complement what the school does; institutions or individual persons who care for or are entrusted with the guardianship of school-age citizens have the same responsibility. Article 7
Before the end of May each year, local household administration authority offices shall complete surveys and compile a register of the six-year-old school-age citizens who are due to enroll in primary school. Before June 15 this register shall be sent to the appropriate education administration authority for the school district. Before July 15, each city, township, and district office shall notify the citizens listed in the register to enroll in the school district designated in the notification.Household registration offices shall if necessary assist local primary schools to conduct the surveys and registering of names referred to in the preceding paragraph. Article 8
Before the end of May each year, primary schools shall compile and submit a list of students due to graduate to the competent education authority for further distribution. Before July 15, the citizens listed shall be notified to enroll in a junior high school in their school district. Article 8-1
Primary and junior high schools shall notify the competent education administration authority if they discover students being absent from school for 3 days or more without leave or without clear reason, or discover that transferred students have not yet reported to their new school to enroll. The students shall be counseled and resume attending school. The regulations governing submitting a report and return-to-school counseling shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education.In cases of school-age citizens who are required to enroll in school but have not done so, or who have enrolled but dropout, or who have long-term absences, schools shall submit a report to the city, township, or district compulsory education committee to dispatch personnel for a home visit. The students shall be advised to enroll in a school or to resume attending school. The local municipal or county (city) government shall be notified of cases in which students discontinue education, are unable to enroll, or have had long-term absences because of financial concerns or family accidents, and shall in accordance with social welfare acts, or using specific relief strategies, provide assistance to resolve their difficulties.With the exception of those in the circumstance set out in Articles 12 and 13, and those who have had special grounds approved by a city, township, or district compulsory education committee, if the parents or guardians of the school-age citizens referred to in the preceding paragraph do not enroll the children or have them resume attending school despite earlier advice and recommendations to this effect, the schools shall report the matter to the compulsory education committee and request it to issue a written warning to do so within a specific time. Article 9
Persons who fail to adhere to the warning and comply with the deadline for enrollment or continued enrollment shall be fined NT$ 100 or less by the city, township, or district offices, and shall be required to enroll or continue enrollment of their children or wards within a limited period. This penalty shall be continued until enrollment or continued enrollment is implemented. Article 10
(Deleted) Article 11
As designated in this Act, compulsory enforcement by a court shall be implemented in cases of failure to pay the specified fine in due time. Article 12
School-age citizens who are disabled, experiencing disease, have some developmental delay or disorder, or exhibit abnormal personalities or behaviors to an extent that precludes enrollment may be granted delayed enrollment if supporting evidence from public medical institutions is provided; however, enrollment is required once their health has been restored.School-age citizens assessed by public medical institutions as having severe intelligent disabilities shall be exempt from compulsory education. Article 13
School-age citizens with disabilities shall, after assessment by the committee responsible for their identification, and placement and provision of special education, which is within the jurisdiction of the competent education administrative authorities, be given a special education enrollment placement. Citizens assessed as requiring enrollment to be delayed may postpone enrollment for a maximum period of one year. The city, township, or district compulsory education committee shall also be notified.The regulations governing the criteria, procedures, and implementation of matters associated with the assessment of delayed enrollment referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the municipal or county (city) competent education authority. Article 14
Schools shall provide accommodation and board for students from remote areas who cannot commute to school daily. Article 15
In the case of school-age citizens whose household registration changes because of household relocation, the student’s new household administration authority shall provide the local compulsory education committee with a copy of the Notification to Undertake Compulsory Enrollment or School Transfer. Article 16
The enforcement rules for this Act shall be prescribed by the Ministry of Education. Article 17
This Act is effective from the day of promulgation. 
