Article 1
Enforcement Rules of the Special Education Act 2013 (namely the Act) are enacted based on the Article 50 of the Act. Article 2
Government offices in charge as specified in the Article 7 of the Act are referred to as authorities concerned with special education allocated with personnel and budgets.More than 3 credit hours, inclusive, in special education illustrated in Article 7 of the Act are referred to as completion of at least 3 credit hours in college, or taking part in 54 hours or more of special education professional program offered by authorities concerned. Article 3
After accomplishing both investigation in status of special education students and report on demographics of special education placement based on Article 8 of the Act, authorities concerned shall establish and put into effect those reporting system of special education in coordination with health and social government offices.Authorities concerned shall publish statistics of annual reports based on Article 8 of the Act, including numbers and ratios of special education students/teacher, cost of placement and the rest of report paragraphs as well.Both establishment and application of Paragraph I of special education reporting system shall entrust or authorize schools concerned. Article 4
Special education classes shall be set up based on Article 11 of the Act up to senior high schools, inclusive, containing kindergarten, elementary, junior high, senior high, and schools for students with disabilities/talents.Special education schools shall be established on the basis of Article 25 Paragraph 1 of the Act up to high schools (inclusive) including kindergarten, elementary, junior high, senior high, and schools for students with disabilities/talents. Article 5
Self-contained special classes meant in Article 11 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 1 of the Act are referred to as students receiving full time special education and related services; in which part of the programs shall be carried out in the cross-class mode.Cross-class resource rooms meant in Article 11 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 2 of the Act are referred to as students in regular class receiving part time special education and related services.Itinerant classes meant in Article 11 Paragraph 1 Subparagraph 3 of the Act are referred to as students at home, institution or school receiving special education and related services from itinerant teachers.Special education projects meant in Article 11 Paragraph 3 of the Act shall be administered cross school s where necessary. Article 6
Special education personnel specified in Article 15 of the Act are referred to as regular school teachers, administrators, special education professionals, related professionals, teaching assistants, and aides to special needs students. Article 7
Medical resources illustrated in Article 23 Paragraph 1 of the Act are referred to as authorities concerned taking initiatives in coordinating with medical institutions so as to provide special education students with rehabilitation, training/therapy, assessment and instructional/counseling consultation.In order to put forth early intervention for special needs children based on Article 23 Paragraph 2, central and local governments shall develop preschool special education facilities and offer appropriate related services as well. Article 8
Criteria of principals of special education schools in special education profession training based on Article 26 of the Act is referred to as completion of more than 3 credit hours (inclusive) in special education specified in Article 2 Paragraph 2. Article 9
Individualized education plan (IEP) meant in Article 28 of the Act is referred to as special education and related service plan tailored for individual special needs student, developed by a professional team, including the following parts:A. Student’s present status of abilities, family, and need assessment;B. Student’s needs in special education, related services, and support strategies;C. School year/semester educational goals, assessment means, date, and criteria of educational objectives per semester;D. Functional behavioral intervention and administrative support needed for students with emotional and behavioral problems;E. Student’s transitional counseling and services.Student’s transitional counseling and services aforementioned contain services delivered in academic, daily living, career, psychological, welfare and other related professional services.Individuals participating in development of the IEP shall involve school administrators, special education and related teachers, student’s parents and, where it needs, shall invited related professionals and the student; moreover, student’s parents are allowed to invited accompany of related personnel. Article 10
The IEP specified in the former Article shall be developed a month after enrollment of new students or prior to beginning of the new semester for present students.The former plan shall be reviewed at least once each semester. Article 11
Special education projects of the higher education specified in Article 30-1 Paragraph 1 of the Act are referred to as campus learning, living and support services tailored for individual personality and learning needs, incorporating as follows:A. Foundation;B. Goals;C. Recipients and special education and support services;D. Manpower resources and administrative support;E. Space and environmental plans;F. Schedule;G. Calculation and sources of budget;H. Anticipant effects.Special education and support services mention in Subparagraph 3 of the former Paragraph shall include academic learning, daily living, support assistance, and consultative services. Article 12
The former special education project shall be developed by schools by means of interdisciplinary team, integrating all the resources involved, and pinpointing individualized support plan to meet each and every characteristics and need of students with disabilities, incorporating the following key items:A. Student’s present performance, family status and needs assessment;B. Special education, support services and strategies essential for the student.C. Student’s transition and services details. Article 13
Gifted students with disabilities or with socio-economic/cultural disadvantages shall be placed and taught cross-campuses, individualized by his/her characteristics, given the most flexibility possible, and provided with best-fit curriculum design and support on the basis of Article 41 of the Act. Article 14
Special education students who are re-placed in other school shall go with case portfolio to facilitate delivery follow-up services. Article 15
Department of special education of the college/university meant in Article 43 Paragraph 2 of the Act shall establish its affiliated special education school /class, involving ancillary or affiliated modes, of which both school level and personnel format are based on Regulations and Criteria of the Special Education School Establishment/Transformation/Cancellation/Combination and Personnel Format . Article 16
Special education administrative support network established on the basis of Article 44 of the Act shall involve special education resource center, of which personnel are composed of school teachers and related professionals. Article 17
These Enforcement Rules take effect the day it is put forth. 
