Article 1
Said implementation procedure is established in compliance with section 34 of the Education Act for Indigenous Peoples (hereafter referred as EAIP). Article 2
Indigenous peoples ethnic education measures and activities should be implemented consistent with indigenous peoples history, language, art, and living customs, social system, ecology utilization, and value system. Article 3
The term indigenous priority school in section 4, paragraph 6 of EAIP refers to schools in indigenous region with indigenous students over 1/3 of total students, and to schools in non-indigenous region with the number of indigenous students more than 100 or over 1/3 of total students, which case to apply is affirmed by Educational Administration. Article 4
The central government flexible budget scale stated in EAIP Section 9 paragraph 1 refers to the budget allocation method and proportion. The central executive education authority should meet with the central indigenous peoples affairs authority to determine said budget allocation. Article 5
The term "indigenous children" used in Article 10, Paragraph 2 of the Act refers to persons aged at least 2 years old on September 1 of the school year in question who have not yet entered elementary school.The method for the preferential allocation of places to indigenous children stipulated in Article 10, Paragraph 2 of this Act is as follows:1. If the combined number of indigenous children and any other children who are legally entitled to preferential allocation of a place does not exceed the admission quota of a particular public preschool, non-profit preschool, or community or tribal cooperative educare service center: all the children may be admitted.2. If the combined number of indigenous children and any other children who are legally entitled to preferential allocation of a place exceeds the admissions quota of a particular public preschool, non-profit preschool, or community or tribal cooperative educare service center: in keeping with the principles of fairness, impartiality, and full disclosure, which of the eligible children will be admitted shall be determined by a drawing of lots; the time and place of the drawing shall be publicly announced beforehand. Article 6
Regarding the fulltime guidance counselors stated in EAIP Section 12, a selection priority is given to college graduates; position should be filled by native indigenous peoples.The local executive education authority should regularly conduct living guidance and skill seminar to the foregoing employees. Article 7
The indigenous peoples ethnic education provided in EAIP Section 14 paragraph 1should be diversified, formal education, as a rule. Related subjects and other education activities relevant to indigenous peoples ethnic culture may be taught as supplementary subjects,Indigenous peoples ethnic education resource classroom stated in EAIP Section 14 paragraph 1should be established as independent units; organization of integrated classrooms with neighboring schools may be effected if necessary. Article 8
The indigenous peoples ethnic education resource center stated in EAIP Section 15 has the following missions:A. research, development, and promotion of indigenous peoples ethnic education curriculums and teaching;B. collection, compilation, exhibition, and promotion of indigenous peoples ethnic education related articles and information;C. indigenous peoples ethnic education consultation and guidance;D. indigenous peoples ethnic education teaching assistance;E. other indigenous peoples ethnic education related assistance. Article 9
As provided in EAIP Section 21, the government, in providing indigenous students taking preschool and public school education the opportunity to learn their ethnic language, history, and culture, should plan, assist, and supervise the class schedule arrangement and teaching procedure of preschools, public elementary and high schools. Article 10
Schools, as provided in EAIP Section 20, should respect the opinion of indigenous peoples during indigenous peoples ethnic education curriculum development and textbook selection, therefore the government should hold public hearings, seminars, questionnaire surveys, and interviews for said purpose. Article 11
AEA Section 23 provides that the following regulations should be observed in the education of potential teachers for indigenous peoples ethnic education:A. Municipality and county (city) governments should prepare the local annual indigenous peoples ethnic education potential teacher quota based on actual requirements and submit proposal to the central aborigine affairs authority for inclusion into the potential teacher cultivation program planning.B. The central indigenous peoples affairs authority should meet with the central executive education authority to evaluate the foregoing requirements and negotiate with teacher colleges or universities and indigenous peoples colleges to determine the quota of government-subsidized and self-paying aborigine student quotas.C. Upon the acquisition of their professional eligibility licenses, government-subsidized aborigine ethnic education students should be assigned to various schools as provided in the quota allocation of municipalities and counties (cities) for the fulfillment of their service obligations. Article 12
The indigenous peoples ethnic popular education establishments established according to EAIP Section 28 should optimize the organization and manpower of social education institutions, schools, and government offices, as well as consolidate social resources. Article 13
These Enforcement Rules shall be effective as of the date of promulgation. 
