Article 1
This Law is enacted for the furtherance of national knowledge and capabilities in respect of family life, the advancement of national physical and mental well-being, the fostering of happy families, and the establishment of a harmonious society. Matters not provided for in this Law shall be governed by the provisions of other relevant laws. Article 2
In this Act the term "family education" refers to educational activities of all kinds within the range below which further family relations and family functioning:1. Parenting education;2. Filial duty education;3. Gender education;4. Marriage education;5. Education for minors with one parent or orphaned;6. Ethics education;7. Multicultural education;8. Family resources and management education;9. Other family education related matters. Article 3
The term "authority in charge" as referred to in this Law shall mean the Ministry of Education at the central government level, the Municipal government at the Municipal level, and the Hsien (County) government at the Hsien (County) level.Where any of the matters provided for in this Law involves the functional duties of any particular authority in charge of the end business enterprise concerned, said concerned authority in charge shall cooperate in handling the matter. Article 4
The central government authority in charge shall be in charge of the following matters:1. Formulation of laws, regulations and policies on family education;2. Research and development on the implementation and promotion of family education;3. Planning, delegation, and supervision of activities of national nature on family education;4. Encouragement, assistance, and evaluation of activities of national nature on family education;5. Preparations and on-the-job training for family education professionals;6. Propagation and promotion of family education;7. International exchange and cooperation on family education;8. Other matters regarding the nationwide promotion of family education. Article 5
The authorities in charge at the Municipal or Hsien (County) level shall be in charge of the following matters:1. Planning, handling, and supervision of activities of local nature on family education;2. Encouragement, assistance, and evaluation of family education related activities conducted by the local schools and institutions;3. On-the-job training of volunteer workers for family education;4. International exchange and cooperation on family education at the local level;5. Other matters regarding the promotion of family education at the local level. Article 6
Each level of government authority in charge shall subscribe the participation of and/or contribution from scholars, experts, and representatives of governmental and non-governmental organizations through the formation of the Family Education Advisory Council under the following mandate:1. Advisory on any changes to policies, laws, and regulations regarding family education;2. Coordination, supervision, and evaluation in respect of the implementation and promotion of family education by the relevant governmental and non-governmental organizations;3. Formulation of directions regarding measures for the implementation family education;4. Advisory on strategies, schemes, and plans for the implementation and promotion of family education;5. Advisory on the planning, research and development in respect of family education related curricula, teaching materials, and programs;6. Advisory on ways to enhance the efficiency and capability of organizations engaging in family education;7. Advisory on other matters regarding the implementation and promotion of family education.Matters regarding the selection of members, the organizational structure, and the operational rules of the aforesaid Family Education Advisory Council shall be prescribed by the government authority in charge at the respective level. Article 7
Municipal and Hsien (County) authorities in charge shall procure family education professionals, set up Family Education Centers, and conduct the following activities in conjunction with the relevant authorities/agencies in charge of education, culture, health, social affairs, census affairs, labor affairs, and information, schools and mass media:1. Activities for the promotion of family education;2. Resources development, training, and evaluation of volunteer workers;3. Advisory and counseling services to citizens on family education;4. Other matters regarding the implementation and promotion of family education.The rules on the qualifications, the selection/employment, and the training of family education professionals as referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the central government authority in charge.The organizational rules of the Family Education Centers as referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the respective government authority in charge.Any family education professionals who were under the employment of the respective Municipal or Hsien (County) government before the promulgation and implementation of this Law and whose good performance have been recognized by the authority in charge as conformable to the professional qualifications as aforesaid shall, according to the business requirement, be given priority of employment. Article 8
Institutions and organizations conducting family education are as follows:1. Family Education Centers;2. All adult education institutions;3. All schools;4. Mass Media;5. All other public and private institutions and organizations related to family education. Article 9
Institutions and organizations conducting family education may recruit and train volunteer workers who shall assist the implementation and promotion of family education. Article 10
Each level of government authority in charge shall provide those family education professionals, administrative personnel, and volunteer workers with various kinds of learning courses or trainings; the contents of said learning courses and trainings shall be prescribed by the respective government authority in charge. Article 11
Family education shall be conducted under the principles of diversity, flexibility, and life-long learning conformable and, depending on the actual need of the object party, may be conducted by means of lectures, symposiums/seminars, distance learning, case-by-case counseling, self-learning, workshops and other methods. Article 12
Senior high schools and below shall, during each academic year, provide no less than four hours of family education courses and activities beyond regular curricula and shall, in conjunction with the Parent Associations, conduct parental education.Each level of government authority in charge shall proactively encourage teacher training institutions to list family education related courses as required courses or common courses. Article 13
The central government authority in charge may, depending on the actual need, identify the object parties who shall be given priority of family education services and develop and implement appropriate measures; if necessary, Municipal or Hsien (County) government authority in charge or institutions /organizations engaging in family education may be given due mandate to handle such matters.The rules on the identification of the object parties who shall be given priority and the implementation measures as referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be prescribed by the central government authority in charge. Article 14
In order to foster a healthy perception of marriage and facilitate harmonious family relationships, the competent Municipal or City / County authority shall link government and private sector resources to provide the general public with four or more hours of family education courses; if necessary, appropriate measures may be adopted to encourage the general public to participate. Article 15
Schools at or below senior high level, upon the occurrence of any major disciplinary event or deviant behavior of any student, shall promptly notify the parents or guardians and the person(s) who actually take care of the student and shall provide these adults with family education and related advisory or counseling courses. The contents, duration, parental participation, family visit are to be prescribed by the relevant government authority in charge.If the parents or guardians and the person(s) who actually take care of the student are notified to attend family education related advisory or counseling courses, and fail to be present after three or more times of receiving written notification, the relevant government authority in charge may commission institutions, or organizations that promote family education to conduct a home visit.While the institutions or organizations belonging to or commissioned by the relevant government authority in charge of conducting a home visit, the parents or guardians of the student and the person(s) who actually take care of the student, teachers or other related persons shall cooperate or provide relevant information to the designated institution; if necessary, the government in charge may request for assistance from related authorities, said requested authorities shall cooperate in handling these matters.The designated institutions, organizations or persons who conduct home visits shall keep personal information or private matters of each case and the relevant documents made or held by them in confidence; unless there is an appropriate reason, to disclose them to the public. Article 16
The central government authority in charge may give due mandate for the relevant institutions and schools to undertake researches and developments on various kinds of family education courses and teaching materials. Article 17
All levels of government authorities in charge shall appropriate sufficient funding for family education and shall set aside from the overall education budget funds to be used exclusively for conducting family education. Article 18
All levels of government authorities in charge shall prescribe encouragement measures so as to encourage all public and private schools, institutions, organizations, and individuals to engage in the implementation and promotion of family education. Article 19
The implementations rule of this Law shall be prescribed by the central government authority in charge. Article 20
This Law shall be implemented as of the date of promulgation. 
