Article 1
These Regulations are formulated in accordance with Article 30 of the University Act. Article 2
The term "Universities" as referred to in these Regulations shall mean public or government-accredited private universities (below, " universities "), excluding national open university. Article 3
The distance learning referred to in these Regulations shall mean the interaction between teachers and students by means of telecommunication networks, computer networks, video channels and other media. The distance learning courses referred to in these Regulations shall mean subjects in which above 1/2 of the teaching hours for each subject are carried out by means of distance learning. Article 4
Universities offering distance learning shall designate an appropriate unit for management of distance learning and may, as required by the course, arrange for an assistant to help teach the class or to provide support in producing teaching materials. Article 5
To carry out computer network education as described in Paragraph 1 of Article 3, Universities shall establish education management systems with functions of teaching systems, teaching implementation and making of teaching materials, which shall be used for teaching. Article 6
Universities offering distance learning courses shall present a course plan for evaluation by the curriculum committee of the university, which shall submit it for approval by the academic affairs committee and forward it to the Ministry of Education for recordation.The course plan referred to in the preceding paragraph shall set forth course objectives, the target student group, a course outline, teaching methods, interactive student-teacher discussion, performance evaluation methods, and matters for special attention. The course plan shall be posted on the Internet . In case of offering courses by computer network, the teaching plans shall include functions of the education management systems. Article 7
Students qualified in distance learning courses who also meet the requirements of the Enforcement Rules of the University Act on the calculation of credits shall be awarded credits by Universities, and these credits shall be applied toward required credits for graduation. Article 8
The total number of distance learning credits shall be limited to half of the credits required for graduation and obtaining an academic degree by a student, Article 9
To set up E-Learning In-Service Education Programs, Universities shall report to the Ministry of Education for applying auditing according to regulations on the application for examination and certification and set up the aforesaid Programs after passing the examination. E-Learning In-Service Education Programs referred to in the previous paragraph shall mean In-Service Education Programs set up according to the fields, categories and majors bulletined by the Ministry of Education, above 1/2 of the teaching hours of which shall be carried out by means of distance learning. The academic degree obtained from the E-Learning In-Service Education Programs shall not be bound by the regulations in the previous article on credits of distance learning, and the diploma shall specify distance learning as the way of teaching. Article 10
To offer distance learning through international cooperation, the foreign partner universities shall be limited to the reference list established by the Ministry of Education. Article 11
Universities shall regularly evaluate distance learning courses and the performance of teaching and make evalualtion reports, which shall be kept for at least 3 years.The Ministry of Education may evaluate the implementation of distance learning and examine related materials in universities. Ministry of Education shall carry out evaluation on the effect of distance learning courses and examine related materials in universities; those fail in the evaluation shall be limited or prohibited to set up distance learning courses. Article 12
Colleges may follow these Regulations for carrying out distance learning. Article 13
These Regulations shall be effective as of the date of promulgation.These Regulations are made in Chinese, which shall prevail in case of any discrepancy between the English translation and the Chinese original. 
