Article 1
The regulations are prescribed pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 34 of the Junior College Law. Article 2
The Continuing Education mentioned in the Regulations refers to all kinds of educational activities conducted by junior colleges according to their education goals aiming at improving the intellectual skills of the public as well as the cultural standard of the society. Article 3
Junior colleges shall carefully plan the courses of continuing education after evaluating the existing quantity of teaching staff and facilities. The continuing education programs shall be relative to the existing courses in each school. Only those departments rated as second-grade or higher in the latest Junior College Evaluation can open relative continuing education courses. Article 4
Continuing education can be divided into credit programs and non-credit programs. Those who apply for the credit programs shall have the application qualifications for junior college. The application qualifications for non-credit programs shall be prescribed by the school. Article 5
In respect of the teaching staff of the junior colleges continuing education, the teaching staff of credit programs shall be qualified college lecturers or professional and technical teachers with qualified certificates and the teaching staff of non-credit programs can be experienced experts. The teaching staff mentioned in preceding paragraph can be personnel outside the school, but the number shall not exceed one-third of the total number of teaching staff of that program. Extramural teaching and distance learning can be part of continuing education. Article 6
The continuing education credit programs of junior colleges shall be considered as a Degree Program and its curriculum, lecturing hours, examination and credit shall conform to the relevant regulations governing junior college. The schools shall award credit certificates to credit program students who have completed the required credit with passing grades. The credit program students passing the entrance examination of junior college may apply for credits waiving in accordance with the regulations and rules of the school. The school shall award certificates to non-credit program students who have completed the required credit. The school shall keep a full record of students' grades and credits.　　 Article 7
The junior college shall carefully plan the curriculum of continuing education in advance and establish a continuing education evaluation group. As prescribed by the Ministry of Education, the said group shall evaluate the program plans one month before the beginning of each semester or program. The school shall keep the program plans and records passed evaluations.The program plans mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall include curriculum, teaching staff and facilities, the beginning and end dates of the program, time and location of the program, application qualifications, recruit numbers and methods, budget and other. The schools shall hand in a report on the continuing education programs to the Ministry of Education for recording within two months after the end of each semester.　 Article 8
The junior college can set competent units or employ personnel to take charge of the continuing education. Article 9
The budget for junior college continuing education shall be self-sufficient in principle. The schools shall allocate a certain ratio of total revenues of the continuing education for further utilization based on the evaluation of the overall revenues and expenditures and usage of campus resources. Each school shall prescribe budget management regulations for the revenues and expenditures of the continuing education mentioned in preceding paragraph and report to the Ministry of Education for recording.　 Article 10
The Ministry of Education can establish an examination group to evaluate the results of continuing education. The Ministry can praise and reward the schools achieved excellent performance in promoting continuing education and order those with poor performance or do not conform to the regulations to improve within a definite period of time. The Ministry shall impose punishment upon the schools that fail to meet the requirement in due time. Article 11
The regulations shall enter into force from the date of issuance. 
