Article 1
The Ministry of Education (hereinafter the “Ministry”), in order to encourage academic research and enhance academic qualities, hereby establishes the Academic Award. Article 2
The Academic Award is to be granted to the persons who have actively engaged in academic research in the country, have made important contributions or achieved great accomplishments and have been recognized by the academia. Those who are not with the nationality of Republic of China shall have a full-time position with a domestic junior college or that of a higher level, or an academic institute for at least five years. Article 3
The Academic Award is granted annually with the total number of the Awards not exceeding a maximum of thirteen each year, which shall be apportioned by the sections listed in subparagraph 1 of paragraph 1 of Article 6. There shall be a quota of two recipients for each of the sections of “Liberal Arts” and “Social Science”, and three for each in the rest of sections.The deadline for receiving recommendations for the Award will be announced by the Ministry. Article 4
The referees of the Academic Award candidates shall meet one of the following requirements:1. Being a president of a public or private junior college or that of a higher level;2. Being a responsible person of a public or private academic research institute;3. Being an academician of Academia Sinica.4. There being five professors in relevant academic fields recommending the candidate. Article 5
The referees of the Academic Award candidates shall complete the references in accordance with the provided formats and, along with the relevant publications and documents, submit the references before the deadline to the Ministry for its selection. Article 6
The Ministry shall select the Academic Award recipients in accordance with the following procedures:1. There shall be five sections divided based on different academic fields, including “Liberal Arts’’, “Social Science”, “Mathematics and Natural Science”, “Biology and Medical and Agricultural Science”, “Engineering and Applied Science”. Under each respective section, one Review Board shall be set up, in which nine to eleven prestigious scholars and experts are invited to act as Board members. The Standing Members Committee (hereinafter “Standing Committee”) of the Academic Review Committee shall designate the convener for each Review Board.2. The Review Boards shall conduct the first review by examining the recommended cases in a detailed manner and by a complete discussion thereupon.3. The Review Boards shall forward relevant documents of each recommended person who passes the first review to three to four scholars or experts for further evaluations. It will then conduct the second review. The Review Board will then recommend the Academic Award candidates to the Standing Committee.4. The Standing Committee, after reviewing the recommended Academic Award candidates referred to in the preceding subparagraph, shall draft a recommended list of Academic Award candidates and submit it to the Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee for decision.5. The Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee shall decide with the presence of a majority of the members and the concurrence of two thirds of presenting members. The Academic Award recipients are selected in accordance with the number of votes received by the candidates.6. When there are vacancies of Academic Award recipients, with the consent of a majority of presenting members of the Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee, the ballot may be cast again. If the ballot result still does not reach the quorum prescribed in the preceding subparagraph, the vacancies shall be maintained.If a member of the Academic Review Committee is recommended as an Academic Award candidate, he or she shall withdraw himself/herself from all procedures for review and ballot-cast. Article 7
The Academic Award recipients shall be given a certificate of such honor together with the prize.An Academic Award recipient shall not be recommended again. Article 8
The Regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation. 
