Article 1
The Ministry of Education (hereinafter the “Ministry”), in order to support academic developments, enhance teaching and research qualities and encourage universities to develop their own strengths, hereby establishes the National Professorship and sets up these Regulations in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 18 of University Act. Article 2
The National Professorship shall be held by a full-time university professor who, when recommended or selected, engages in academic research and teaching actively and continuously, holds high prestige, leads in academic trends of thought, and is an ideal model in academics. In addition, he or she shall meet one of the following requirements:1. an Academician of the Academia Sinica;2. Have received the Ministry’s Academic Award; or3. Having an outstanding achievement domestically or in another country in an academic or professional field equivalent to those referred to in the two preceding subparagraphs. Article 3
The candidates of the National Professorship holder shall be recommended to the Ministry by universities from those that meet the requirements set forth in the preceding Article. The selection shall be made by the Ministry.The selection procedures for the holders of the National Professorship are as follows:1. There shall be five sections divided based on different academic fields, including “Liberal Arts“, “Social Science”, “Mathematics and Natural Science”, “Biology and Medical and Agricultural Science” and “Engineering and Applied Science”. Under each respective section, one Review Board shall be set up, in which nine to eleven prestigious scholars and experts are invited to act as Board members. The Standing Members Committee (hereinafter “Standing Committee”) of the Academic Review Committee of the Ministry (hereinafter “Academic Review Committee”) shall designate the convener for each Review Board.2. Review Boards shall conduct the first review by examining the academic research and teaching performance in a detailed manner and by having a complete discussion on each candidate.3. Review Boards shall forward relevant documents of each candidate who passes the first review to three to four scholars or experts for further evaluation. It will then conduct the second review. Review Boards will then recommend the National Professorship candidates to the Standing Committee.4. The Standing Committee, after reviewing the recommended National Professorship candidates referred to in the preceding subparagraph, shall draft a list of recommended National Professorship candidates and submit it to the Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee for decision.5. The Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee shall decide with the presence of a majority of the members and the concurrence of two thirds of presenting members. The National Professorship holders are selected in accordance with the number of votes received by the candidates.6. When there are holder vacancies of the National Professorship, with the presence of a majority of the Plenary Meeting of the Academic Review Committee members and the concurrence of a majority of presenting members, the ballot may be cast again. If the ballots results still do not reach the quorum prescribed in the preceding subparagraph, the vacancies shall be maintained.If a member of the Academic Review Committee is recommended as a National professorship candidate, he or she shall withdraw himself/herself from all procedures for reviews and ballot-casts. Article 4
The number for National Professorship holders shall not exceed a maximum of thirteen each year, and shall be apportioned by the sections listed in subparagraph 1 of paragraph 2 of the preceding Article. There shall be a quota of two holders for each of the sections of “Liberal Arts” and “Social Science”, and three for each in the rest of the sections. Article 5
The term of the National Professorship is three years. If there is a need to continue a National Professorship after the completion of the term, the procedures under Article 3 shall be conducted before the end of the term .Those elected as National Professorship holders for two times shall have the life-long honor of National Professorship holders and shall no longer be recommended or selected. Article 6
The National Professorship holders shall, during the sponsorship period, set up inter-university elective courses, deliver lectures around the country, and advocate the research and teaching achievements in order to enhance the quality and climate of academic research and teaching in the country. Article 7
In addition to the corresponding resources provided by the recommending universities, NT$ 1 million will be granted by the Ministry annually. The grants shall be allocated as follows:1. Personal grants to the holder of the National Professorship: a maximum of NT$ 500,000.2. Teaching and research funds: including the expenses for assistants, operating costs, transportation, facilities and the like.Those elected to hold the National Professorship shall not receive any other grants from the public affairs budget of other government agencies. Article 8
If there is one of the following circumstances, the grants to the holder of National Professorship shall be arranged in accordance with the following provisions:1. If the holder does not continue his/her the position as a full-time professor of the original university, the grant shall be terminated beginning from the next semester, unless the newly employing university of the holder of the National Professorship continues providing similar administrative resources and research environment and sets up National Professorship courses for the holder.2. If the holder takes a sabbatical leave, he or she shall report to the Ministry to suspend the grants starting from the next month of the leave. The grant will be continued after the end of the leave until the expiration of the term of the National Professorship.3. If the holder is temporarily transferred in accordance with relevant regulations and if the transfer period is less than two years, the grants shall be suspended starting from the next month of the temporary transfer. The grant will be continued after the end of such temporary transfer until the expiration of the term of the National Professorship. Article 9
The Regulations shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
