Article 1
The Executive Yuan shall establish the Ministry of Education (hereinafter referred to as “MOE”) to administer the nation’s education related affairs. Article 2
The MOE shall be in charge of the following matters:1. Planning of higher education and vocational education policies; providingassistance for and performing administrative supervision ofdevelopment of teacher qualifications, student recruitment, resourceallocation, quality enhancement, and cooperation between academia andindustry at colleges and universities.2. Planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrativesupervision of lifelong education, social education, adult education, familyeducation, art education, continuing and supplementary education,special education, gender equality education, civic duty, reading, andeducation foundation policies; supervising, coordinating, and promotingaffiliated social education institutions.3. Facilitating international and cross-strait academic exchanges, participating in international youth and educational activities, promoting overseas Mandarin Chinese language education, providing assistance for international students, overseas Chinese students, and students from Hong Kong, Macau, and Mainland China, and providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of international schools, Taiwan schools in mainland China, and overseas Taiwanese schools.4. Planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of teacher training policies, pre-employment courses for teachers, subsidies and assessments of universities training teachers, teacher certification and internship, continuing education for teachers, professional organizational assistance for teachers, professional development for teachers and teacher assessments.5. Planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of information education in schools and environmental education policies; planning, coordinating, and promoting cultural, societal, and science education policies; planning and managing online academic resources and systems.6. Providing assistance for and performing administrative supervision of student affairs; planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of national defense education in schools and campus safety policies; managing and providing assistance for military education instructors and health teachers.7. Planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of aboriginal and minority education; planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of school health education policies.8. Planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of elementary and high schools and preschools, youth development, physical education, fitness and exercise, competitive sports, sports industries, and international and cross-strait sporting events and sports facility policies.9. Planning of education personnel policies; devising and interpreting education personnel laws; planning, providing assistance for, and performing administrative supervision of retirement, compensation, and severance pay for private school teachers and staff.10. Handling other affairs related to education. Article 3
The MOE shall have one Minister (political appointment); two Political Deputy Ministers equivalent to senior grade 14; and one Administrative Deputy Minister at senior grade 14. Article 4
The MOE shall have one Secretary-General at senior grade 12. Article 5
The MOE shall contain the following subordinate agencies, with their respective responsibilities:1. The K-12 Education Administration: Planning and promoting policies and systems for high schools and below, as well as for preschools; supervising, coordinating, and providing assistance for the development of local high schools and below as well as preschools; and administering educational affairs of high schools and lower level schools governed by the MOE.2. The Sports Administration: Planning national sports policies; supervising and administering physical education, national exercise, competitive sports, sports industries, international and cross-strait sporting events and sports facilities.3. The Youth Development Administration: Planning national youth development policies; promoting youth career counseling, public participation, international experiences and learning and other youth development related matters. Article 6
If necessary, the MOE may dispatch overseas its staff members with the approval of the Executive Yuan in pursuance of the Organization Act for Diplomatic Missions. Article 7
The position of Director of the Department of Information and Technology Education, when necessary, may be subject to the same qualification requirements for a college professor or higher; the corresponding retirement and compensation rules shall be the same rules for college faculty and be approved by the MOE. Article 8
The ranks, grades and number of positions of MOE staff shall be governed by a separate organization chart. Article 9
The date that this Act enters into effect shall be gazetted by the Executive Yuan. 
