Article 1
The K-12 Education Administration (hereinafter referred to as “this Administration”) is established by the Ministry of Education to deal with affairs pertaining to preschool, elementary school and high school education. Article 2
This Administration performs the following duties:1. The planning, implementation and supervision of preschool, elementary school and high school education policies and systems, and the examination and amendment of relevant regulations.2. The planning, implementation and supervision of the general education affairs in senior high schools and vocational schools.3. The planning, implementation and supervision of the general education affairs in junior high schools and elementary schools.4. The planning, implementation and supervision of the general education affairs in preschools.5. The planning, implementation and supervision of the special education affairs in preschools, elementary schools and high schools.6. The planning, implementation and supervision of the art education affairs in preschools, elementary schools and high schools.7. The planning, implementation and supervision of education affairs in preschools, elementary schools and high schools of the aboriginal and ethnic minority.8. The planning, implementation and supervision of the campus security affairs in preschools, elementary schools and high schools.9. The planning, implementation and supervision of the campus sanitation affairs in preschools, elementary schools and high schools.10. Other affairs which pertain to preschool, elementary school and high school education. Article 3
This Administration shall appoint one director with Senior Grade 13; two deputy directors with Senior Grade 12. Article 4
This Administration shall appoint one secretary general with Senior Grade 11. Article 5
The grades of other positions are listed and defined in an organizational table, based on which army personnel, with equivalent ranks, can be appointed as the staff for campus security and national defense education. Article 6
The Executive Yuan shall issue an order to promulgate the date on which this law takes effect. 
