Article 1
These Regulations are enacted in accordance with Paragraph 2, Article 28 of the University Act. Article 2
The assessment and recognition of foreign academic credentials for institutions of higher education shall be transacted in accordance with these regulations. Article 3
Terms herein are defined as follows:1. Assessment and Recognition: means the course of verification, examination and recognition of foreign academic credentials.2. Reference list: means the list of names and addresses of foreign academic institutions accredited by the foreign government concerned or foreign accreditation agencies .3. Verification: means to ascertain the authenticity of any foreign graduation certificates, diplomas, certificates of study etc. validated by overseas consulates, representative offices, agencies of the country or other bodies authorized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (hereinafter referred to as overseas agencies) as well as the certificate of entry and exit dates and other related certificates issued by the authority of entry and exit.4. Examination: means to examine and prove whether or not the school is accredited in its home country in accordance with foreign graduation certificates, diplomas, certificates of study etc as well as matters concerning their admission requirements, term of study and curriculum etc..5. Recognition: means to confirm that the documents relating to the academic credentials after verification and examination to be equivalent to domestic academic credentials for academic institutions of the same kind. Article 4
To apply for Assessment and Recognition of foreign academic credentials, the applicant shall submit the following documents to each institution of higher education:1. a photocopy of proof of foreign academic credentials and transcripts for all academic years authenticated by an overseas agency of the Republic of China;2. a certificate of entry and exit dates, issued by the designated immigration authority. However, foreign citizens or overseas Chinese are exempt from this requirement;3. other relevant documents.The authentication of the documents referred to in Subparagraph 1 in the preceding paragraph may be substituted with an inquiry made by the processing institution to the foreign school where the applicant graduated. The documents referred to in Subparagraph 2 above shall encompass the period of the applicant’s study abroad. Article 5
To transact the assessment and recognition of foreign academic credentials, institutions of higher education shall follow the following procedure:1. Verifications and recognition for academic credentials of foreign institutions of higher education listed in the reference list or of foreign high schools shall be transacted in accordance with these Regulations; in case of any doubt, the recognition shall be carried out after examination in accordance with Article 6 and Article 7; if necessary, explanation for the doubt shall be submitted to the Ministry of Education along with related supporting documents as aids for the recognition.2. Verifications and recognition for academic credentials of foreign institutions of higher education not listed in the reference list or of art qualifications shall be carried out after examination in accordance with Article 6 and Article 7; if necessary, explanation for the doubt shall be submitted to the Ministry of Education along with related supporting documents as aids for the recognition. Article 6
Applicants shall submit the Letter of Consent in English on the authorization of examination and related documents to institutions of higher education for examination of foreign academic credentials. The institutions of higher education shall apply to overseas agencies of Republic of China for examination assistance.For countries in which the Republic of China does not have any overseas representative agency, applicant seeking verification or recognition of academic credentials shall apply to the overseas school from which they graduated for English documentation regarding the conditions of study, information about whether or not the school is accredited in its home country, and transcripts. These documents shall send by applicant directly to institutions of higher education for examination. Article 7
Items in foreign academic credentials that institutions of higher education apply to the overseas agencies for examination assistance are as follows:1. admission requirements.2. term of study.3. curriculum.4. whether or not the school is recognized by the competent educational authority or by a relevant accreditation agency in the home country.5. other necessary items. Article 8
Terms and conditions for recognition of academic credentials awarded in foreign countries:1. The diploma shall be awarded by an academic institution listed in the ROC Ministry of Education’s reference list. Those not listed in the reference list shall be accredited by the foreign government concerned or foreign accreditation agencies.2. The term of study and curriculum shall be the same as those prescribed by the equivalent ROC academic institutions. Article 9
The period of study as referred to in Subparagraph 2 in the preceding article shall mean the period when the applicant studied at the local school. The relevant rules are as follows:1. The accumulated period of study in respect to a high school graduate shall be in conformity with the local academic system.2. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a bachelor’s degree shall be at least 32 months.3. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a master’s degree shall be at least 8 months.4. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a doctor’s degree shall be at least 16 months.5. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with both a master’s and a doctor’s degree concurrently conferred by the same school/department shall be at least 24 months.6. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant, who is a college graduate or equivalent, pursuing a bachelor’s degree shall be at least 16 months.With regard to the period of study referred to in the preceding paragraph, each institution of higher education shall compare the domestic and foreign academic systems and make a comprehensive judgment based on the local academic system where the applicant obtained the degree, the school calendar during the period of study as well as the entry-exit records. Where the period of study is not consistent with the regular academic system or the school calendar, such period of study shall not be recognized.The period of study of an applicant with outstanding performance during their study of a bachelor’s degree may be reduced by the processing institution based on the academic system of each foreign institution of higher education and actual circumstances.In respect of a person with disabilities under the Special Education Act, the period of study may be reduced by the processing institution based on the academic system of each foreign institution of higher education, the extent of disabilities and other actual circumstances.Where the applicant concurrently studied at domestic and foreign universities under an international academic collaboration program, the applicant shall not complete the study entirely at the domestic university. The period of study at both universities may be accumulated concurrently and subject to the following rules instead of those set forth in Paragraph 1 hereof:1. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a bachelor’s degree shall be at least 32 months.2. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a master’s degree shall be at least 12 months.3. The accumulated period of study in respect to an applicant with a doctor’s degree shall be at least 24 months.Course credits taken by the applicant at a domestic university set forth in the preceding paragraph shall be no less than one-third of the total course credits required for the conferral of the underlying degree. Article 10
With regard to the courses set forth in Article 8, Subparagraph 2, if the degree conferred by a foreign college or higher is obtained through courses carried out via distance learning programs, the courses shall be taken with a school that is in compliance with Article 8, Subparagraph 1 hereof or with a domestic university under an international academic collaboration program; provided that, the amount of credits taken shall comply with relevant domestic regulations governing distance learning programs. Article 11
The following are ineligible for recognition of academic credentials awarded in foreign countries:1. Diploma of correspondence programs.2. Certificate of attendance for programs such as training courses, seminars, and so forth.3. Obtaining the candidate status for a Doctor’s degree while not completing the Doctor’s degree shall be accredited as the Master’s degree.4. Doctor’s degree conferred after the basic completion of a dissertation, without either enrollment or completion of courses5. Honorary degrees.6. Diploma programs administered in non-Mandarin speaking region, with Mandarin serving as the language of instruction, excluding High School diploma.7. Diploma programs administered by branches of foreign academic institutions not accredited by the Ministry of Education or Diplomas obtained from agencies in the name of foreign academic institutions recruiting students in ROC.8. High school diploma obtained via distance learning programs; unless otherwise provided by law. Article 12
If any documents provided by an applicant are found to be forged or falsified in any way, the accreditation for the diploma of the applicant shall be cancelled, in case of any criminal responsibility; the applicant shall be transferred to the prosecuting authority for legal treatment. Article 13
These Regulations shall be effective as of the date of promulgation. 
