Article 1
These Regulations are drafted in accordance with the National Defense and Mobilization Preparation Act (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”), Article 24, Paragraph 3. Article 2
The provisions of these Regulations shall govern scientific and technological personnel support for military activities for the purpose of strengthening national defense scientific and technological capabilities. Matters not provided herein shall be subject to the provisions of other relevant laws and regulations. Article 3
The scientific and technological personnel referred to in these Regulations shall include:1. Scientific and technological personnel in the fields of electronics and electromechanics.2. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of aerospace technology.3. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of mechanics.4. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of information technology.5. Scientific and technological personnel in the fields of chemistry and chemical engineering.6. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of optical electronics.7. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of materials science.8. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of industrial engineering (including systems engineering).9. Scientific and technological personnel in the field of biology.10. Other scientific and technological personnel in the field of national defense scientific and technological research and development. Article 4
The Competent Authority in these Regulations shall refer tothe Ministry of Science and Technology. The assisting government agencies shall refer to the Ministry of National Defense and the competent authorities in charge of other mobilization preparation programs. Article 5
Requests for scientific and technological personnel needed to support a military activity shall be submitted by the Ministry of National Defense in accordance with the nature of the military activity.The types of personnel, number of persons, and other requirements pertaining to the scientific and technological personnel mentioned in the preceding Paragraph shall be determined by the Competent Authority in consultation with the Ministry of National Defense and the competent authority in charge of the relevant mobilization preparation program. Article 6
Industrial, academic, and research units shall actively and continually assist the Competent Authority in updating data on scientific and technological personnel as part of the personnel database construction project stipulated in Article 24, Paragraph 1 of the Act. Article 7
Based on the practical needs of military activities, the Ministry of National Defense may, after consulting with and securing approval from the Competent Authority, select suitable scientific and technological personnel from the personnel database for the purposes of organizing groups, conducting drills and training, and preparing to mobilize support for military activities. Information concerning such selected personnel shall also be added as high priorities into the scientific and technological mobilization personnel database maintained by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 8
To facilitate implementation of a national defense and mobilization preparation exercise, the competent authority in charge of scientific and technological mobilization preparation programs for this exercise shall submit a request to the Executive Yuan specifying the types of scientific and technological personnel needed, the time and venue where support is required, and the requisite number of persons, and must first receive approval from the Executive Yuan before conducting the exercise. Article 9
Scientific and technological personnel shall be granted subsidies for their time devoted to supporting military activities. The payment of such subsidies shall adhere to the standards prescribed in the regulations governing the requisition of civilian personnel for national defense and mobilization preparation exercises. Article 10
The Competent Authority shall adopt appropriate confidentiality measures in regards to the personnel database created under the Act, and may not utilize the database for purposes other than the support of military activities. The management of such personnel database shall follow the stipulations of computer-processed personal information protection laws and other relevant laws and regulations. Article 11
These Regulations shall come into effect upon the date of promulgation. 
