Article 1
The Regulations are made in accordance with Article 16 paragraph 1 of the National Sports Act. Article 2
National sports associations stipulated in the Regulations refers to associations registered at the Ministry of the Interior in accordance with Civil Associations Act and industry compe tent authority of which is theMinistry of Education, such groups shall have official member ship of international sports organizations or international sports federations; the latter must be recognized by Chinese Taipei Olympic Committee (hereinafter: CTOC). Article 3
The scope of international sports exchange activities promoted by the Regulations includes:1. Signing sports exchange cooperation agreements with foreign governments by governments at all levels.2. Signing sports exchange cooperation agreements with foreign sports organizations by national sports associations.3. Nationals’ serving in positions of international sports organizations.4. Establishment of international sports organizations’ headquarters or branches in Taiwan at which nat ionals serve in leading positions.5. Hosting international single-sport games by national sports associations or governments at all levels (hereinafter: international games).6. Hosting or attending international sports conferences by national sports associations, governments or schools.7. Inviting presidents or secretary-generals of international or foreign sports organizations to visit Taiwan by national sports associations.8. Attending international sport games by sport teams of schools at all levels.9. International sports exchange activities promoted in consistency with national sports policies.10. Other affairs regarding international sports exchange.Matters concerning attending international games by national sports associations, to which the Regulations shall not apply, are subject to other applicable laws. Article 4
Nationals serving in position of international sports organizations stipulated in Article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 3 shall act in accordance with the following sub paragraphs:1. Actively participate in each organization’s conferential activities.2. Assist national teams to participate in international games or conferences.3. Assist national sports associations to strive for the hosting right of international games. Article 5
Nationals serving in position stipulated in Article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 3 may, be represented by relevant national sports associations, apply to Sports Administration, Ministry of Education (her einafter: SA) for subsidies with documentation of proof and information attached. Subsidies stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 include accommodation fees, travel expenses abroad, insurance and fees of travel certificates. Article 6
Nationals serving in position stipulated in Article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 4 may, be represented by relevant national sports associations, apply to SA for subsidies with documentation of proof and information attached.Subsidies stipulated in forgoing paragraph 1 includes postal fees, stationery, printing costs, public relations expenses and domestic and abroad travel expenses. Article 7
Hosting or attending international games or conferencesstipulated in Article 3 paragraph 1 subpara graphs 5 and 6 by national sports associations, governments at all levels and schools, except for co mpliance of each international sports organizations’ articles, shall act in accordance with the fol lowing sub paragraphs:1. Use the nation name, national flag and national anthem, except for the use of the name, flag and anthem which have been approved by the Ministry of Education and registered at international sports organizations.2. Participants in name of Chinese Taipei shall be placed in alphabetical order by T-letter in English or other languages as abbreviation for TPE in the opening ceremony.National sports associations, governments and schools at all levels shall negotiate the matters of foregoing paragraph 1 with the hosting unit beforehand; and CTOC shall actively assist and counsel. Article 8
In hosting or attending international games or conferences in ROC’s territory by national sports associa tions, governments and schools at all levels, should there be participants from mainland area, the entry and exit and matters of exchange activities of such people, shall be conducted in accordance with Act Governing Relations between the People of the Taiwan Area and the Mainland Area, Regulations Governing Permit of People of Mainland Area Entry into Taiwan Area, above article 7 and other laws and regulations. Article 9
National sports associations and governments of municipalities and counties (cities) that host international games stipulated in article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 5 and intend to apply to SA for subsidies shall, submit to SA for approval with plans attached, before applying to international sports organizations for hosting rights; such plans shall include but not limit to items listed as follow:1. Scale of the venue and facilities and supporting conditions.2. Assessment of audience participation.3. Competitiveness of each participating team (home team).4. Security measure for participants.5. Arrangement of agenda and content of activities.6. Administrative management, staffing and financial planning (including the ability to raise funds on its own) of the hosting party.7. Assistance provided by authorities of municipalities or cities (counties) where games are held.8. Condition assessment of climate of hosting city, weather during the game, surroundings and safety.9. Relevant laws of title of national team, flag, anthem and agenda.10. Other items specified by SA.After gaining the right to host international games, national sports associations or governments stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 shall make necessary adjustments to the plan stipulated in paragraph 1 and apply to SA for subsidies upon such plan.Subsidies of foregoing paragraph 2 include accommodation expenses, domestic transportation, insurance, printing expenses, fees of venue rent; amount of which may not exceed eighty percent of the total budget of the game granted by SA. Article 10
National sports associations that host conferences stipulated in article3 paragraph 1subparagraph 6 may apply to SA for subsidies with documentation of proof and information attached.Subsidies stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 include accommodation expenses, domestic transportation, insurance, printing expenses, venue rent; amount of which may not exceed eighty percent of the total budget of the conference granted by SA. Article 11
Personnel of national sports associations and schools attending conferences stipulated in article 3 paragraph 1 subpara graph 6 may be represented by associations or schools to which such personnel belongs, apples to SA for subsidies with documentation of proof and information attached, schools of municipalities and counties (cities) may, be represented by competent authorities, apply to SA for subsidies; such subsidies shall be granted to no more than one person in each application of the same conference.Subsidies stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 include accommodation fees, abroad travel expenses, insurance and fees of travel certificates. Article 12
National sports associations that invite foreigners stipulated in article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 7 to visit ROC may apply to SA for subsidies with documentation of proof and information attached.Subsidies stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 include accommodation fees and domestic and abroad travel expenses. Article 13
Sports teams of schools of each level which have achieved the benchmark of attending games announced by SA may, be represented by schools’ competent authorities, apply to SA for subsidies for attending games stipulated in article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 8 with documentation of proof and information attached.Subsidies stipulated in foregoing paragraph 1 are fixed according to distance of location of the games. Article 14
International sports exchange activities promoted in consistency with national sports policies stipulated in article 3 paragraph 1 subparagraph 9 may be subsidized after approved by SA through ad hoc project. Article 15
International sports exchange activities that have been fully subsidized by other authorities, shall not apply for subsidies in accordance with the Regulations. Article 16
Matters concerning application and verification of the funding which have been subsidized under the Regulations, shall be executed in accordance with Regulations Governing Subsidies for National Nongovernmental Sports Activities and relevant laws. Article 17
Sports teams, governments of municipalities and counties (cities) and schools which have been subsidized under the Regulations shall execute according to each approved plan; should there be any need for change of the plan, it shall be executed after being approved by SA with reasons in writing and revised plan attached.For execution or plans revising not in accordance with foregoing paragraph 1; SA may suspend subsidies and pursue forall or part of the subsidies which have already been granted. Article 18
The Regulations take effect from the date of promulgation. 
