Article 1
This Regulations is set to enhance the development of scientific industries and solidify the facilities and services of science parks according to Article 21 of the Budget Law. Article 2
(deleted) Article 3
The Fund specified in this Regulations belongs to a special fund defined by Item 2, Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the Budget Law and is arranged and managed by the Hsinchu Science Park Bureau, Ministry of Science and Technology and governed by the Ministry of Science and Technology. Article 4
The Fund comes from the following sources:a. Appropriated fund according to proper governmental budget procedures.b. Management fee income of the science parks.c. Rental income of Park factories, dormitories, and land and sales income of Park factories.d. Operational service income of science parks.e. Public facilities construction income of science parks.f. Interest income of the Fund.g. Other related incomes. Article 5
The Fund is utilized for the following purposes:a. Invested expenditures of expansion and new construction of science parks.b. Operational services expenditures of science parks.c. Security and environmental hygiene expenditures of public facilities of science parks.d. Expenditures of levied Park factories and buildings according to Article 17 of the Statute for the Establishment and Administration of a Science Park.e. Expenditure of management and business operation of the Park.f. Other related expenditures. Article 6
Management and utilization of the Fund shall emphasize on fund revenue and security. Saving of the Fund shall follow related regulations specified in Government Treasury Act and related laws. Article 7
The Fund can be utilized to purchase government bonds, government treasury certificates, or other short-term bonds if it is necessary. Article 8
Budget arrangement, execution, and booking of the Fund shall follow related regulations specified in Budget Law, Accounting Law, Final Account Law, Audit Law, and related laws. Article 9
Management of accounting affairs of this Fund shall follow the accounting system specified by related regulations. Article 10
The surplus of this Fund after final account can be distributed according to related regulations. Article 11
Balance of accounts of the Fund shall be made while clearing the Fund, whereas related savings shall be submitted to the Government Treasury. Article 12
This Regulations becomes effective as of the date of its promulgation. 
