Article 1
The employment of contract-based personnel by the National Science Council shall be governed by these Regulations, unless otherwise prescribed by law. Article 2
The personnel contracted by the National Science Council shall include researchers, associate researchers, and assistant researchers, in addition to the Members of the National Science Council as appointed by the Executive Yuan. Article 3
A researcher having one of the following qualifications may be contracted by the National Science Council:1. Has held a position comparable to a professor at a domestic or foreign university or a researcher at a research organization, with demonstrable achievements.2. Has held a position comparable to an associate professor at a domestic or foreign university for four or more years, with demonstrable achievements.3. Possesses a Ph.D. degree from a domestic or foreign university or research institute (graduate school), and has engaged in academic research or professional work for four or more years, with demonstrable achievements.4. Possesses a master’s degree from a domestic or foreign university or research institute (graduate school), has engaged in academic research or professional work for eight or more years, and has published written works or made outstanding contributions.5. Graduated from a domestic or foreign university, has engaged in academic research or professional work for twelve or more years, and has published written works or made outstanding contributions. Article 4
An associate researcher having one of the following qualifications may be contracted by the National Science Council:1. Has held a position comparable to an associate professor at a domestic or foreign university or an associate researcher at a research organization, with demonstrable achievements.2. Possesses a Ph.D. degree from a domestic or foreign university or research institute (graduate school), with excellent achievements.3. Has held a position comparable to a lecturer at a domestic or foreign university or research organization for four or more years, with excellent achievements and has published written works.4. Possesses a master’s degree from a domestic or foreign university or research institute (graduate school), and has engaged in academic research or professional work for four or more years, with excellent achievements and has published written works.5. Graduated from a domestic or foreign university, has engaged in academic research or professional work for eight or more years, and has published written works or made outstanding contributions. Article 5
An assistant researcher having one of the following qualifications may be contracted by the National Science Council:1. Possesses a master’s degree from a domestic or foreign university or research institute (graduate school).2. Graduated from a domestic or foreign university or independent college, possesses a bachelor’s degree, with excellent achievements. Article 6
The National Science Council may, as needed for the performance of its functions, make use of the “contract employment” or the “concurrent employment” method to appoint a scientific and technological specialist to the rank of associate researcher or above. The qualifications required of such a specialist shall be the same as the qualifications required of a permanent employee. Article 7
When calculating remuneration for a contract-based employee, the National Science Council shall consider the functions, responsibilities, and professional expertise required by the position in order to determine a salary grade and a converted monetary amount, which shall be reported to the Executive Yuan for approval.The remuneration for a contract-based employee mentioned in the preceding Paragraph shall follow the “Table of Salary Grades and Remuneration Standards for Contract-based Personnel Classified According to the Positions of Civil Servants” as prescribed in the guidelines for the employment of contract-based personnel by the Executive Yuan and its subsidiary agencies. Article 8
These Regulations shall come into force upon the date of promulgation. 
