Article 1
These Regulations are adopted pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 of the Vocational School Law ("the Law"). Article 2
The name of vocational schools shall indicate its category.A public vocational school shall prefaces its name with National, or the name of municipality, county, or county-level city where it is located.A public vocational school shall be named after the place where it is located. In case that one place has more than two public vocational schools in the same category, the schools there shall use place names covering a smaller area.A private vocational school shall take a proper name other than the name of a place. Article 3
To be acknowledged as having "obtained an equivalent educational level" as referred to in Paragraph 1 of Article 4 of the Law, a person must possess one of the following qualifications:1. have completed the third-year courses in a public or private junior high school　　　or in a school providing the equivalent of a junior high school education, and holds a certificate of study attesting to this fact;2. have completed coursework in a supplementary compulsory school attached to a public or private junior high school, or in a government-accredited private secondary supplementary school, and holds a course completion certificate;3. have passed a junior high school equivalency examination, and holds an equivalency certificate; or 4. hold a Class C technician's certificate, or possesses a technician's certificate that confers qualifications equivalent to level C or higher. Article 4
The size of a class at a vocational school shall be no greater than forty-five students and no fewer than twenty-five students, but where special circumstances require otherwise, a school may report to the competent educational authority for approval. Article 5
Pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 1 of Article 10-3 of the law, the established department of each vocational school shall have one director, and each section thereunder shall have one chief. The posts of department director and section chief shall be filled by members of the teaching staff acting in a concurrent capacity (with the exception of the general affairs department, where each section may be headed by a member of the administrative staff). Article 6
A vocational school library may have one director who was appointed by the principal from among teachers who have specialized knowledge in this field or selected from personnel who have specialized knowledge in this field. Article 7
The number of military instructors and nursing instructors employed by vocational schools shall be subject to the provisions of the Standard Staffing Chart for Senior Secondary School Military and Nursing Instructors. Article 8
To promote more effective education, a vocational school shall cooperate [with the competent authority] in the administration of skill competitions and skill certification tests. Article 9
These Regulations shall enter into force from the date of issuance. 
