Article 1
In accordance with the 158th and 163rd Articles of the Constitution of the Republic of China, this Act serves to implement a lifetime education for all citizens as its goal. Article 2
The roles of social education are the following:1)Promoting ethnic spirit and citizens' moral2)Promoting cultural and psychological development3)Training citizens' self-autonomy and the wielding of political rights4)Making prevalent knowledge on technology and national defense5)Fostering interests in music and the arts6)Protecting historical relics and cultural artifacts7)Guiding family and parental education8)Strengthening Mandrin skills and improving language skills9)Increasing common sense and implementing skills training10)Promoting knowledge of the law and fostering law-abiding habits11)Assisting group activities to improve the overall social atmosphere12)Promoting athletic activities and fostering sanitary habits13)Improving popular readings and promoting leisurely activities14)Improving human relations to increase societal harmony15) Strengthening the Management of emotional intelligence and valuing the quality of life16) Promoting and strengthening a deeper concern for society and volunteerism17) Promoting and strengthening the democratic spirit and sense of civic responsibility18)And other matters concerning social education Article 3
All competent educational authority at all levels shall establish units specializing in social education and personnel specializing in overseeing and guiding social education. Article 4
Special municipality of city government shall establish social education centers to promote social education and assist in the development of local social education efforts.Local government of the special municipality, county, or county-level city shall establish cultural centers with the library as the primary location for promoting social education and cultural activities. Article 5
In accordance with the finance and societal needs of governments at various levels, the following social institutes shall be established or approved within authority:1) Libraries or reading rooms2) Museums or exhibition rooms3) Science centers4) Centers for the arts5) Music halls6) Theaters7) Memorial halls8) Gymnasiums9) Entertainment facilities for children and adolescents10) The zoo11) Other institutions Article 6
Social education institutes shall be categorized as national, municipal, county, city, or private depending on whether they are established by the central government, by the government of a special municipality, county, or county-level city, or by a private party. Article 7
The establishment, changes, and termination of social education shall be determined by the Ministry of Education. Social education institutes at all levels shall report to the competent education authority at each level and report to the Ministry of Education for recordation. Article 8
Private social education institutes shall act in accordance with the said articles for approval, accreditation, and registration as a foundation; establishment, changes, termination, guidance, and special recognition and other matters shall be in accordance with designations set forth by the Ministry of Education. Article 9
All schools at all levels shall concurrently establish social education in accordance with designations set forth by the Ministry of Education. Article 10
The hiring of social education personnel shall be in accordance with the regulations regarding education personnel. Article 11
Governments at all levels shall raise funds for social education expenditure, and with each expenditure budget, set out a category solely for social education.Social education expenditures for far-off and indigent areas shall be subsidized by governments at higher levels.Governments at all levels shall use funds raised by society to promote social education in accordance with designations set forth by the Ministry of Education. Article 12
The implementation of social education shall cooperate with the development of local communities. Other than the permanent use of venues for teaching, movable and alfresco settings shall be used.　Gatherings, speeches, discussions, exhibitions, competitions, or the use of mass broadcasting media and other effective methods shall be used to promote social education. Article 13
The television and other mass broadcasting media shall coordinate with the promotion of social education. The means of the promotion shall be in accordance with designations set forth by the Ministry of Education and the Government Information Office of the Executive Yuan. Article 14
The curriculum of social education, except those of common nature, other than the summary set forth by the Ministry of Education, shall be revised in accordance with special needs by the government of a special municipality, county, or county-level city. Article 15
The organization of national social education institutes shall be in accordance with the Act.The equipment standard of social education institutes at all levels shall be in accordance with designations set forth by the Ministry of Education. Article 16
This Act shall enter into force from the date of promulgation. 
