Article 1
Remuneration of teachers shall be effected in accordance with this Act. Article 2
Remuneration of teachers is divided into basic salary (plus any seniority salary), allowances, and bonuses. Article 3
In this Act "competent authority" refers to the following:1. For public educational institutions (a collective reference here to elementary schools, junior high schools, senior secondary schools, junior and tertiary colleges, and universities)(1) the Ministry of Education for national educational institutions;(2) the municipal government for educational institutions established by a special municipality;(3) the county (or county-level city) government for educational institutions established by a county (or county-level city).2. For private educational institutions:(1) the Ministry of Education for a junior college, tertiary college, or university;(2) the municipal government for a senior secondary school located in a special municipality, and the Ministry of Education a senior secondary school located in a county (or county-level city). When a county (or county-level city) is re-designated into a different administrative division category or is merged with a special municipality , or with another county or county-level city, and the post-merger entity is a special municipality, the Ministry of Education will be the interim competent authority until the adjustment and transfer of education-related matters to the new special municipality is completed;(3) the municipal government, for elementary schools and junior high schools in a special municipality; the county (or county-level city) government for elementary schools and junior high schools in a county (or county-level city). Article 4
Terms used in this Act are defined as follows:1. basic salary: refers to the basic pay that a teacher shall receive;2. seniority salary: refers to a salary higher than the maximum salary grade for basic salaries in a particular category;3. salary grades: refers to the sequential grades into which basic salaries (seniority salaries) are divided;4. salary points: refers to numerical units corresponding to basic salary (seniority salary) amounts;5. allowances: refers to additional pay given as well as the basic salary (seniority salary) because of the type or nature of duties associated with a particular teaching position or its location;6. salary payment (also referred to below as “salary” or “salary paid”): refers to the combination of basic salary (seniority salary) and any allowance(s) paid;7. bonus: refers to a payment separately issued as a reward for teaching, research, counseling, and annual performance to enhance teachers’ morale. Article 5
This Act is applicable to full-time teachers on the establishment staff of public educational institutions and registered private educational institutions who have obtained qualifications to be a teacher in accordance with the law. Article 6
Teachers' salary payments are calculated on a monthly basis, beginning from the date on which a teacher actually reports for duty and ending on the date on which that teacher actually leaves their position, and shall be paid monthly.If a person has not worked for a full month, the amount of the salary payments referred to in the preceding paragraph is calculated based on the number of days they worked. The salary amount for each day is calculated by dividing the full monthly salary payment for the month by the number of days in that month. In the event of a teacher’s death, however, a full month's salary payment will be made. Article 7
The salary grade assigned to teachers at elementary schools, junior high schools, and senior secondary schools (hereunder abbreviated to "elementary and secondary school teachers") will be based on their education, experience, and seniority. The salary grade assigned to teachers at a junior college, tertiary college, or university will be based on their professional rank, education, experience, and seniority.The salary grades for teachers are set out in Appendix 1.The salary grade assigned to teachers at public educational institutions shall be determined by the competent authority, and when necessary, this may be delegated to the educational institution at which a teacher serves; private educational institutions shall determine the salary grade assigned to the teachers they employ. Appendix 1：Table of Teacher Salary Grades.doc 
