Article 1
The Ministry of Culture establishes the National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts (hereinafter the “Museum”) to conduct the research and development, exhibition, preservation and management, promotion of education of fine arts works, as well as the collection and compilation of literature on fine arts and the promotion and development of daily life fine arts. Article 2
The Museum shall be in charge of the following matters:1. The research and development of the history, theory and techniques of fine arts.2. The exhibition of fine arts works, exchanges with and the exhibition service management of international fine arts works.3. The acquisition, collection, investigation, appraisal, classification and registration, compilation, preservation, repair and maintenance of fine arts works.4. The promotion and planning of fine arts education, and the editing and publishing of albums as well as books and periodicals for promotion of fine arts education.5. The collection, compilation, preservation, utilization and provision of services in relation to literature on fine arts.6. The integration of fine arts resources and the promotion and development of daily life fine arts.7. Supervision, coordination and promotion of subordinated daily life fine arts institutions.8. Other matters related to the promotion of fine arts. Article 3
The Museum shall have one (1) Director, whose position shall be at the twelfth to thirteenth grade senior-level civil servant, and may be hired in the same manner as a principal or a professor of a junior college or higher if necessary; and one (1) Deputy-Director, whose position shall be at the eleventh grade senior-level civil servant, and may be hired in the same manner as an associate professor if necessary. Article 4
The Museum shall have one (1) Chief Secretary, whose position shall be at the tenth grade senior-level civil servant. Article 5
The official titles, grade levels and numbers of the staffs at the Museum shall be separately set out by an organization chart. Article 6
The implementation date of this Act shall be determined by order of the Executive Yuan. 
