Article 1
This Act is specifically formulated to provide education assistance to the survivors of military and civil servants. Article 2
The survivors of military and civil servants referred to in this Act means the legitimate children, adopted children, or siblings without any children of the military and civil servants who died due to combat, official services, illness, or accidents. Said survivors shall receive a pension pursuant to law.The aforementioned military and civil servants are the military officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers of the army, marine, and air force as well as the staffs of government agencies and schools. Article 3
The survivors of military or civil servants who died due to combat or official services shall receive an education pension pursuant to law that covers the education costs in full. The survivors of military or civil servants who died due to illness or accident shall receive an education pension pursuant to law that covers half of the education costs. The survivor whose pension has expired or has already received a pension fund shall not receive the free tuition benefits pursuant to the regulations provided by the education administration authority.The aforementioned benefit shall apply to students who enrolled in domestic schools and are within the statutory learning age. Article 4
Items for the aforementioned publicly funded benefits shall include tuition, miscellaneous, uniform, book, staple diet, and non-staple diet costs.The aforementioned tuition and miscellaneous costs are subject to the provisions provided by the education administration authority. Regarding to other fees, colleges shall reference the public education expense provision standard and high schools or below shall be determined by the education administration authority. Article 5
The survivors of the military or civil servants who meet the criteria for this Act as well as other government education grant benefits shall select and apply for only one benefit. Article 6
The survivors of the military or civil servants shall submit the pension payment order, pension order, pension certificate, or other supporting documents issued by the Department of Defense, Ministry of Civil Services, or the education administration authority when applying for tuition benefits within the application procedure deadline of the school. Article 7
The school that received the aforementioned application shall submit the application to the education administration authority for approval. Once approved, grant benefits shall be provided until the graduation of the applicant. Article 8
The public schools shall provide relief for tuition and miscellaneous costs, and the schools or the education administration authority shall compile the budget to cover the other costs. The competent education administration authority shall compile the subsidy budget for private schools. Article 9
Students with tuition benefits approved under this Act shall have their benefits immediately revoked should any of the following conditions exist:1. Students who have lost the right to pension pursuant to law.2. Students who are suspended, dropped out, or expelled.The staple and non-staple diet subsidies shall be suspended during the month of school suspension or drop out. The subsidies already issued shall not be recovered. Those returning or re-enrolling into school shall not re-apply for the benefits already issued prior to the suspension or drop out. Article 10
This Act shall become effective at the date of promulgation. 
