Article 1
The Ministry of Culture establishes the Bureau of Cultural Heritage (hereinafter the “Bureau”) to implement and supervise the conservation, maintenance, utilization, education, promotion, research and incentives with respect to cultural heritage. Article 2
The Bureau shall be in charge of the following matters:1. The designation, registration, declaration, revocation or alteration of cultural heritage.2. The investigation, compilation, education, research, promotion, conservation and utilization of cultural heritage.3. The review and designation of cultural heritage conservation techniques and the conservator, as well as the research and development, promotion and utilization of conservation techniques.4. The evaluation, integration and further development of cultural heritage environments.5. The formulation and promotion of cultural heritage conservation areas and special reserved areas.6. The guidance and assistance to municipality and county(city) governments in engaging in cultural heritage-related matters.7. The international cooperation and exchange in cultural heritage-related matters.8. Awards and assistance for conservation and utilization of cultural heritage.9. Other cultural heritage management matters. Article 3
The Bureau shall have one (1) Director General, whose position shall be at the thirteenth grade senior-level civil servant, and may be hired in the same manner as a principal or a professor of a junior college or higher if necessary; and two (2) Vice Directors General, whose position shall be at the twelfth grade senior-level civil servant, and may be hired in the same manner as a professor if necessary. Article 4
The Bureau shall have one (1) Secretary General, whose position shall be at the eleventh grade senior-level civil servant. Article 5
The official titles, grade levels and numbers of the staffs at the Bureau shall be separately set out by an organization chart. Article 6
The implementation date of this Act shall be determined by order of the Executive Yuan. 
