Article 1
This Act is prescribed in accordance with Article 5 of the Act for Establishment and Administration of Science Parks. Article 2
The Southern Taiwan Science Park Administration (the “Administration”) is subordinate to the National Science Council (the “NSC”). Article 3
To accommodate the demand for work, the Administration shall establish six (6) divisions and one (1) office to handle and perform the matters specified in Article 6 of the Act for Establishment and Administration of Science Parks. Duties thereof can be conducted separately by different sections. Article 4
The Administration shall establish a Secretariat, which is responsible for handling and processing documents, archives, official seals, treasury affairs, general matters, legal affairs, research assessment, and public relations, as well as matters that do not fall within the purview of other divisions or offices. Article 5
The Administration shall have one (1) Director-General, grade level 13 (a selected post), in charge of the affairs of the Administration. The Director-General shall specialize in high technology and organizational management. Two (2) Deputy Directors-General, grade level 12 (a selected post) each, shall be appointed to assist with the management of the Park Administration. Article 6
The Administration shall have one (1) Chief Secretary and six (6) Division Directors, grade level 11 (a selected post) each; six (6) Deputy Directors, grade level 10 (a selected post) each; one (1) Office Director and three (3) to five (5) Senior Specialists, grade level 9 (a recommended post) to grade level 10 (a selected post) each; fourteen (14) to twenty (20) Section Chiefs, grade level 9 (a recommended post) each; eight (8) to ten (10) Technical Specialists and two (2) to four (4) Secretaries, grade level 8 to 9 (a recommended post) each, of whom three (3) Technical Specialists and one (1) Secretary can be grade level 10 (a selected post) each; one (1) Systems Analyst, grade level 8 to 9 (a recommended post); ten (10) to twelve (12) Specialists, grade level 7 to 8 (a recommended post) each; one (1) Systems Coordinator, grade level 6 to 8 (a recommended post); nineteen (19) to thirty-three (33) Officers and nineteen (19) to twenty-three (23) Assistant Technical Specialists, grade level 5 (an appointed post) or grade level 6 to 7 (a recommended post) each; eight (8) to twelve (12) Clerks, grade level 3 to 5 (an appointed post) each; and seven (7) to nine (9) Associate Clerks, grade level 1 to 3 (an appointed post) each. Article 7
The Administration shall have a Personnel Office with one Director, grade level 9 (a recommended post), whose job is to administer personnel matters in accordance with the law. The remaining staff positions shall be filled in accordance with the staff quota as prescribed hereof. Article 8
The Administration shall have an Accounting Office with one Director, grade level 9 (a recommended post), whose job is to handle annual closing, accounting and statistics in accordance with the law. The remaining staff positions shall be filled in accordance with the staff quota as prescribed hereof. Article 9
The Administration shall have a Civil Service Ethics Office with one Director, grade level 9 (a recommended post), whose job is to handle civil servant ethical affairs in accordance with the law. The remaining staff positions shall be filled in accordance with the staff quota as prescribed hereof. Article 10
The staff ranking system described herein shall follow Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act. Article 11
The Administration may consult and request the competent law enforcement authority to set up police units within the Science Park to perform police matters in accordance with the law and be subject to the command and supervision of the Administration with regard to affairs under the Administration's jurisdiction. Article 12
The Administration may consult and request the competent fire-fighting authority to set up fire-fighting units within the Science Park to be responsible for fire and disaster prevention and rescue in accordance with the law. Such fire-fighting units shall be also subject to the command and supervision of the Administration with regard to affairs under the Administration's jurisdiction. Article 13
This Act shall become effective starting from the date of its promulgation. 
