Article 1
This regulation was enacted in accordance with Paragraph 4 of Article 17 of the University Act. Article 2
The term “Researcher” herein shall refer to the faculty who has originally employed to conducted academic research at a university. A researcher may also teach in the event that he/she has the qualification of instructor. Article 3
A researcher is classified into four ranks: researcher, associate researcher, assistant researcher, research assistant. Article 4
A researcher shall have any of the following qualifications:1. Be employed as associate researcher at a university for at least three years with distinction and having published significant research results or specialized publications.2. Having a doctoral degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with at least eight years of experience in conducting research at a university or related research institute and having published significant research results or specialized publications. Article 5
An associate researcher shall have any of the following qualifications:1. Be employed as assistant researcher at a university for at least three years with distinction and having published significant research results or specialized publications.2. Have a doctoral degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with at least four years of experience in conducting research at a university or related research institute and having published significant research results or specialized publications. Article 6
An assistant researcher shall have any of the following qualifications:1. Being employed as research assistant at a university for at least three years with distinction and having published significant research results or specialized publications.2. Have a doctoral degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with distinction and having published specialized publications.3. Have a master degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with at least four years of experience in conducting research at a university or related research institute and having published significant research results or specialized publications. Article 7
A research assistant shall have any of the following qualifications:1. Having master degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with distinction and having published specialized publications.2. Having bachelor degree or other equivalent certificate(s) with at least six years of experience in conducting research at a university or related research institute and having published significant research results or specialized publications. Article 8
The qualification, employment, term of employment and promotion shall be evaluated by the instructor evaluation committee. The organizational regulations shall be enacted by each school.The specialized publication, significant research result, research result, special contribution and the award given by significant domestic or foreign research institutes referred to in this regulation shall be recognized by each school. Article 9
One who has made special contributions in research and has received award from significant domestic or foreign research institutes may be employed as a research fellow of certain level that shall be resolved and passed by at least three forths of the attending committee members and at least two thirds of all the committee members shall attend the meeting. Article 10
The dismissal, suspension, discontinuance of employment and appeal of research fellow to which the regulation for instructor shall apply. Article 11
Except for additional retirement payment and application of service extension, the salary, benefits, advance study, promotion, retirement, consolation, severance, research leave shall apply to the regulation for an instructor in accordance with different rank.In the preceding paragraph the ranking of a research fellow and an instructor shall be deemed as equivalent in the following fashion: researcher as professor, associate researcher as associate professor, assistant researcher as assistant professor and research assistant as lecturer. Article 12
The incumbent assistant researcher and research assistant who have been employed before the promulgation of this regulation may be promoted to certain level in accordance with the instructor promotion regulated in the Statute of the Appointment of Educators. Article 13
This Regulation shall take effect on the day of promulgation. 
