Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2 of Article 31 of the Radioactive Material Management Act. Article 2
The terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Naturally Occurring Radioactive Materials (NORM): naturally occurring radioactive materials (NORM) generally contain radionuclides such as uranium, thorium & kalium found in nature or after disintegrations. The nuclear source material or nuclear fuels are excluded. 2. Activity: refers to the number of spontaneous disintegrations occurring in a certain amount of radionuclides at a given time.3. Specific activity: activity per unit mass.4. Specific activity index: referred to the summation of the ratio of specific activity to its standard level for each radionuclide contained in the Waste containing Naturally Occurring Radioactive Materials (hereinafter referred as “ NORM Waste”). The mathematical formula shall be in accord with the appendix table.　5. Clean-up: the clearance, bury and release of NORM Waste. 6. Site: referred to the building or land used for the treatment, storage and clean-up of NORM Waste. Article 3
The radiation dose caused by NORM Waste as regulated in these regulations do not apply to background radiation. Article 4
The NORM Waste defined in these regulations shall include the following contents:1. The waste or polluted waste containing technologically enhanced naturally occurring radioactive materials (TENORM) under jurisdiction of the Competent Authority by the procedure of announcement according to stipulations in Article 4 of Ionizing Radiation Protection Act.2. The waste containing naturally occurring radioactive materials (NORM) announced by the Competent Authority.The announcement against the preceding Paragraph 2 shall be published in Government Communique. Article 5
For NORM Waste with the annual individual effective dose not exceeding 1 mSv or its Specific activity index not exceeding 1, it is exempted from these Regulations. Article 6
When a worker receives the annual effective dose of more than 1 mSv due to NORM Waste treatment, storage and clean-up, the owner, the user, the operator or any other representative of the site shall carry out the protection and environmental monitoring plan; of more than 6 mSv, a radiation protection plan shall be submitted to the competent authority for approval prior to implementation.For NORM Waste related transport shall be in compliance with Regulations for Safe Transport of Radioactive Materials. Article 7
If any changes to the production or storage of NORM Waste, the owner, the user, the operator or any other representative of the site shall record the changes and report to the Competent Authority for inspection and keep copies on file. Article 8
A clean-up plan for NORM Waste shall be submitted to the Competent Authority for approval thirty (30) days prior to implementation. Article 9
After the clean-up, for NORM Waste polluted equipment, machine & tools and workplaces with the surface dose rate of more than 0.12 μGy or the annual individual effective dose of more than 1 mSv are not allow to be released or used for another purpose. Article 10
For safe disposal of NORM Waste, the engineering design of disposal areas must be strengthened to avoid any unfavorable diffusion and excavation.To repeat disposal operation in the areas referred to in the preceding Paragraph, the land owners, users or operators shall report to the Competent Authority for approval prior to implementation. Article 11
The Competent Authority may dispatch the inspector(s) to inspect the operations of NORM Waste management, storage, transport and clean-up as well as workplaces at anytime and require the relevant information from the land owners, users or operators. Failure to follow these regulations or there is a treat to public safety, health or environment, a countermeasure shall be submitted to the Competent Authority. Article 12
Whatsoever of the occurrence of any incident or the waste found lost, stolen or damaged related to the operations of management, storage, transport and clean-up, the land owners, users or operators shall report to the Competent Authority within 24 hours. Article 13
For the NORM Waste transfer, the owners, users or operators shall prepare an official document describe category, quantity, characteristics and assignee and submit it to the Competent Authority for approval thirty (30) days prior to transfer.For the transfer of NORM Waste management, storage and disposal areas, the owners, users or operators shall report to the Competent Authority with the information of assignee and transfer document for inspection thirty (30) days prior to transfer and keep copies on file. Article 14
These Regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation.　 
