Article 1
This Standard is set forth pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 21 of the Statute for the Establishment and Administration of the Export Processing Zone (hereinafter referred to as this Statute). Article 2
Businesses in the Export Processing Zone (hereinafter referred to as EPZ) as prescribed in Paragraph 2, Article 3 of this Statute are categorized as follows in respect of the calculation of their administration fees:1. Businesses in the EPZ are categorized according to the Republic of China’s industrial classification standard. Those belonging to the manufacturing industry are charged according to the manufacturing industry rate; those belonging to the wholesale and retail industry are charged according to the trading industry rate; those belonging to the transportation and warehousing industry are charged according to the warehousing and transportation industry rate; those belonging to the professional, scientific and technical service industries are charged according to the service industry rate; and those belonging to the financial and insurance industries are charged according to the financial and insurance industry rate.2. Carriers recognized by the Export Processing Zone Administration (hereinafter referred to as the Administration), Ministry of Economic Affairs.3. Public or private enterprises that have obtained approval to invest in and construct, lease or sell a building in the EPZ.4. Other businesses with a sales or contact office in the EPZ, apart from carriers and public or private enterprises that have obtained approval to invest in and construct, lease or sell a building in the EPZ.5. Businesses with an operational site located in the Kaohsiung Software Technology Park.6. Businesses with an operational site located in the Taichung Software Park.7. For the businesses set forth in Subparagraphs 1, 5, and 6 which concurrently operate retail business after obtaining approval or the businesses mentioned in Subparagraphs 4, 5, and 6 which engage in retail business, the charging standard specified in Article 4 applies to their retail business. Administration Fees and Charging Standards for Businesses Operating in the EPZ.doc 
