Article 1
The enforcement rules are enacted according to Article 33 of the Atomic Energy Law, known as this law for short henceforth. Article 2
According to section 2 of Article 2 of this law “nuclear source material” means:(1)Thorium ore, uranium ore, or mixed ore of uranium and thorium in which the rate of content weight uranium and thorium is higher than five-ten thousandths.(2)Uranium and thorium in physical or chemical form or the mixture of uranium and thorium, excluding the nuclear fuel indicated in Article 3.(3)Any other material which is designated by the Executive Yuan as nuclear source material. Article 3
According to section 3 of Article 2 of this law “nuclear fuel” means:(1) Material which is capable of producing energy by a self- sustaining chain reaction of nuclear fission.(2)Plutonium, U-233, U-235 and the enriched material of plutonium U-233 or U-235.(3)Any other material determined by the Executive Yuan to be nuclear fuel. Article 4
According to section 5 of Article 2 of this law “nuclear reactor” means:(1)Research nuclear reactor: the primary purpose of this reactor is teaching, research or experiment.(2)Power nuclear reactor: the primary purpose of this reactor is producing power.(3)Other nuclear reactor: any nuclear reactor that does not belong to the preceding two sections. Article 5
Special nuclear materials as used in these regulations indicate one of the following materials up to or in excess of 5000 grams:(1)U-235 (Uranium enriched to 20% or more in the U-235 isotope).(2)U-233(3) Plutonium(4) Mixture of U-235, U-233 and plutonium.Any combination of these materials which is 5000 grams or more is computed by the formula, grams=(grams contained U-235)+2.5 (grams U-233 +grams plutonium). Nuclear fuel that contains U-235 (the enrichment is less than 20%), U-233, and plutonium, must be computed by the preceding formula. If the total weight is 5000 grams or more, the regulations in the first paragraph must be observed. Article 6
As regards the research and development of nuclear science and technology, an annual plan and the conditions of research and development of concerned institutions should be reported to the authorities, then conveyed to the Atomic Energy Council and kept on the Council ’ s inventory. The institutions must accept the supervision of the Atomic Energy Council. All institutions that plan to cooperate with foreign atomic energy institutions for research shall get the approval of the Atomic Energy Council. Article 7
According to Article 18 of this law “ the production of fissionable material from nuclear reactors ” means plutonium, U-233 and any other material which is designated by the Executive Yuan as fissionable material.The fissionable material defined by the preceding paragraph should be reported to the Atomic Energy Council once every half-year. The report should be submitted before July 15 that year and before January 15 of following year. Article 8
The area surrounding a nuclear facility should be divided into two areas, according to anticipated degrees of damage in case of nuclear accident:(1)” Exclusion zone ” means an area close to a nuclear facility. Within two hours of the occurrence of a nuclear accident, a person standing on the perimeter of this area should not receive a total dose to the entire body exceeding 250 mSv (25 Rem) from external fission products, or a dose exceeding 3 Sv (300 Rem) from iodine collecting in the thyroid gland.(2)“ Low density population zone ” means an area close to an exclusion zone. 　 Anyone who stands on the boundary of the area should not receive a total dose to the entire body exceeding 250 mSv (25 Rem) from external fission products or exceeding 3 Sv (300 Rem) from iodine collecting in the thyroid gland during the entire period from the appearance of a radioactive cloud after the occurrence of a nuclear accident until the dissipation of the radioactive cloud. Article 9
The location of a nuclear facility in addition to corresponding to the regulations of exclusion zone and low density population zone, should keep a distance no less than one and one third the radius of the low density population zone from any area with a population of twenty-five thousand or more.The preceding location after being assigned by the nuclear installation operator should be reported to the Atomic Energy Council. The Council demarcates a radius of exclusion zone and low density population zone, according to the preliminary safety analysis report and the condition of the area in practice, and negotiates the plan for determining it with the regional authorities. The Atomic Energy Council should suggest changes in the regional plan by law whenever the situation warrants. Article 10
Four sets of a topography map of the practical region of the low density population zone and the exclusion zone should be printed by the nuclear installation operator with 1/4800 or 1/1200 scale in light of needs and sent to the Atomic Energy Council who will negotiate with the Ministry of Interior, Provincial, Hsien governments and other institutions concerned. After approval by the Executive Yuan the local government and the nuclear installation operator should construct the boundary-posts and publicly proclaim enforcement within two months. The latter should bear the construction fee. Article 11
The nuclear installation operator must acquire the legal right to exclusive use of the zone except for highways, railways and seaways. During a nuclear accident, all the highways rail ways and seaways that cross through the exclusion zone must be blockaded immediately in order to control the nuclear accident and dispersal. 　 It is also necessary to notify the local police authorities right away. Article 12
People may reside in the low density population zone; however, the governments of various grades and public or private corporations shall not locate communities, factories or schools within the area. Article 13
Those who produce or possess nuclear source material shall fill out an application form of enclosure one (Appendix 1) and request approval from the Atomic Energy Council, which may grant a nuclear source material license. 　 Producing or possessing nuclear source material in accordance with any of the following conditions is exempted from the license.(1)Where the rate of content weight of uranium and thorium in uranium ore, thorium ore, or mixed ore of uranium and thorium is lower than five-ten thousandths.(2)Where the rate of weight of nuclear source material in a mixed compound, solution or alloy is lower than five-ten thousandths.(3)Where the rate of content weight of uranium and thorium in nuclear source material is higher than five-ten thousandths and the total weight of uranium and thorium does not exceed one kilogram. Appendix1Atomic Energy Council, Executive Yuan License Application for Nuclear Raw Material.doc 
