Chapter I General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are established in accordance with Article 59 of the Weights and Measures Act (hereinafter referred to as "the Act") and Article 7 of the Statutory Fees Act.Article 2　 The verification body as referred to in these Regulations shall mean the dedicated weights and measures authority, its braches, or any other government agencies (institutions) or organizations commissioned by the dedicated weights and measures authority.Article 3　 The fees for weights and measuring instruments as referred to in these Regulations shall mean the following:1. Verification fee;2. Appraisal fee;3. Type approval fee;4. Assessment fee;5. Calibration fee;6. Certificate and License fee;7. Permit fee;8. Registration fee; and9. Calibration fee for weights.10. Certification FeeFees shall be collected in New Taiwan Dollars. The total sum shall be rounded-up to the closest dollar value.Chapter II Verification FeeArticle 4　 An NTD 500 verification fee for each person each time shall be collected by the verification agency (institution) for dispatching its personnel to conduct verification at the site of storage place of measuring instruments in accordance with Article 8 of the Regulations Governing Verification and Inspection of Measuring Instruments, except that the verification agency (institution) dispatch its personnel to perform the official business at the site of storage or installation place of measuring instruments where they receive an application for verification then and complete the verification within the same day.If the personnel performing the official business as referred to in the preceding paragraph cannot commute to the place of verification and back within the same day, the verification fees shall be collected in accordance with the costs and expenses set forth in the Directions Governing Domestic Business Travel Expenses.Article 5　 The verification fee for taximeters shall be NTD 35 per set of stationed taximeters and NTD 200 for simulated-road verification and road verification per set.In item (1), the verification fee for simulated-road verification and road verification shall come into force on 1 July 2013.Article 6　 The verification fees for weighing instrument are shown in Annex 1.Annex 1：Verification Fees for Weighing Instruments.pdf
