Chapter I General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations have been established in accordance with Article 56 of the Commodity Inspection Act (the Act).Article 2　 The inspection authority mentioned in these Regulations refers to the Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection (the BSMI) of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, its branches, or other commissioned government agencies, legal entities or organizations.Article 3　 The statutory fees set forth under these Regulations shall mean the following:1. Inspection fees;2. Examination fees;3. Assessment fees;4. Registration fees;5. Certificate fees;6. On-site fees;7. Testing fees; and8. Service fees.Fees shall be collected in New Taiwan Dollars. The total sum shall be rounded-up to the closest dollar value.Article 4　 The fees mentioned in the subparagraphs 1) to 6) of the first paragraph of the preceding Article shall not be collected for the following commodities:1. Commodities that are to be used for rescue purpose, accompanied with proper documentation from government authorities; or2. Commodities that are to be used for salvaging purpose, accompanied with proper documentation from government authorities.Article 5　 Fees based on commodity prices that are denominated in foreign currencies shall be converted into New Taiwan Dollars, based on the exchange rates stipulated by the Customs Bureau and applicable for successive ten-day periods.Article 6　 An applicant shall submit foreign currency exchange certificates or other evidence along with the inspection application in order for the inspection authority to calculate the relevant inspection fees and rates. If such documents are not submitted along with the inspection application, an applicant is required to do so within one month.Article 7　 The on-site fees shall be collected in accordance with the following rules for on-site activities performed by personnel of the inspection authority, such as inspection, sampling, correction or destruction of commodities under supervision, examination of inspection marks, on-site check, export of commodities that are imported, sealing of commodities, transportation of commodities under supervision, and other inspection-related business:1. An NT00 on-site fee for each person each time, for activities conducted domestically. If the inspector cannot commute to the place of inspection and back within the same day or has to commute between different branches, the on-site fees shall be collected in accordance with the costs and expenses set forth in the “Operating Guidelines Governing Domestic Business Travel Expenses;”2. The on-site fee for one inspector shall be collected for each batch of commodity being inspected;3. The on-site fee for one inspector shall be collected from the same applicant if batches of commodities are stored at the same place and the on-site inspection is conducted at the same time;4. The on-site fees shall be collected separately from the same applicant if the commodities are stored in different places;5. The on-site fees shall be collected separately for the same applicant if commodities are stored at the same place but covered by different inspection applications. If on-site inspection is conducted at the same time for these commodities, the on-site fees shall be collected for one inspector after a declaration is made; or6. The on-site fees shall be collected separately for different obligatory inspection applicants regardless of whether the commodities are stored in the same place.The inspection authority shall collect on-site fees based on the number of inspectors dispatched, if there are large quantities of commodities and one inspector cannot complete the task in one day.The inspection authority may not collect on-site fees for any personnel not related to the inspection.If the inspection authority approves withdrawal of the on-site inspection application made by an applicant, it shall return the on-site fees.On-site fees shall not be collected if the inspection authority has offices stationed in the harbour storehouses to accept inspection applications and conduct on-site activities.Article 8　 Upon request by an applicant, the inspection authority shall add up the collection of fees in accordance with the following rules, if relevant activities are conducted over an extended time. This does not apply to the acceptance of documents or those services announced by the BSMI to have 24-hour service available.1. The extended operational hours during a weekday are from 6:00 AM to 8:30 AM or from 5:30 PM to 10:00 PM. An NT00 fee for each batch of commodities shall be collected.2. The extended operational hours during weekends and statutory holidays shall be from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.. An NT,000 fee for each batch of commodities shall be collected.3. A fee of NT,000 shall be collected for activities taking place outside the special operational hours mentioned in the preceding items 1) and 2).If the inspection authority approves withdrawal of applications for extended operation made by an applicant, it shall return the extended operation fees.If the same applicant applies for inspection of several batches of commodities and the related inspection activities can be conducted at the same time, the inspection fees for the extended-time operation shall be collected for one batch of commodities.Article 9　 The statutory fees shall be paid to the state exchequer designated by the inspection authority or the BSMI.If the statutory fees are over paid due to computing mistakes or other reasons, an application for a refund of overpayment can be made to the inspection authority. The application procedures shall be prescribed by the BSMI.Article 10 　 The examination fee of applications for exemption from inspection shall be NT00 per application.The examination fee of business enterprises approved by the competent authority for application for an extended exemption of designated commodities shall be NT,000 per application.Article 10-1　 A fee at NT00 shall be charged for actions concerning certificates, certificates of conformity and notices, such as issuance of replacement certificates, copies of certificates or separation of certificates, except for those specified otherwise in these Regulations.A fee at NT00 shall be charged each time for updating information upon request by the applicant from on-line application, except for updaes not attibutabe to the applicant.Chapter II Fees for Batch-by-Batch Inspection and Monitoring InspectionArticle 11 　 The market price mentioned in Paragraph Two of Article 53 of the Act shall be prescribed by the following methods:1. For commodities to be imported or exported, the BSMI shall determine the market price by referring to the declared import or export prices, the export prices certified by a designated foreign exchange bank and the wholesale market prices;2. For domestically manufactured commodities, the BSMI shall suggest proposed market prices by referring to their wholesale market prices and obtain approval from the competent authority before announcement. When prices are to be adjusted, the same procedure shall apply.If a market price is not decided in accordance with the preceding paragraph to determine the inspection fee, the inspection fee shall be calculated based on the following prices:1. The FOB of commodities to be exported;2. The CIF or prices without customs duties of commodities to be imported; or3. The retail prices of domestically manufactured commodities, before tax.The inspection fees for batch-by-batch inspection and monitoring inspection shall be collected in accordance with the inspection fee rates and the minimum inspection fees as prescribed in Annex I, based on the prices mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs.Commodities that are to be imported in bulk, under the same shipment, item name, and with the same specifications, that are not easily separated for sampling will be treated as one batch and the fees will be collected accordingly.Annex IInspection Fee Rates and the Minimum Inspection Fees for Batch-by-Batch Inspection and Monitoring Inspection.doc
