Article 1
The Regulations are formulated according to stipulations in paragraph 2, article 46 of the Nuclear Materials and Radioactive Waste Management Act. Article 2
Related persons or organizations on researching or developing radioactive materials operational and final disposal technologies shall be recommended as candidates for the awards if one of the following requirements is met：1. Implementing researching and developing projects, of which the achievements greatly improved or enhanced the present radioactive materials operational and final disposal technologies.2. Implementing researching and developing projects, of which the achievements contribute greatly to promoting the management safety of the radioactive materials and final disposals.3. Contributing greatly to planning or providing specific suggestions for the research and development of the radioactive materials management technologies and final disposals. Article 3
The competent authority accepts recommendations from Jun 1st to Jul 31 of each year. Article 4
Written recommendations for recommending candidates shall be enclosed and submitted to the competent authority.Format of the written recommendation referred to in the previous paragraph shall be prescribed further by the competent authority. Article 5
The evaluation of the competent authority consists of the first and the final review. Article 6
The competent authority shall establish a first review team, which shall provide the list of qualified candidates after paper evaluation. Article 7
The competent authority shall invite scholars and specialists to form the final review committee, which shall review the qualified candidates list and hold meeting or make interviews if necessary. Article 8
Persons or organizations ratified for the awards by the competent authority will be awarded and commended in public on the chosen date.The awards and public commendation referred to in the previous paragraph shall be combined with other encouraging activities of the competent authority. Article 9
These regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation. 
