Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph Three, Article 8 of the Weights and Measures Act. Article 2
In accordance with these Regulations, the qualifications of metrological technical personnel shall be determined by means of the examination, metrological courses, practical training and practical experience; the metrological technical personnel shall be divided into two grades on the basis of their qualifications: Class A metrological technical personnel and Class B metrological technical personnel.The scope of expertise of the metrological technical personnel referred to in the preceding Paragraph shall be determined on the basis of their practical training or practical experience items of measuring instruments, and shall be recorded on their metrological technician certificates. Article 3
A person who meets the following qualifications may attend a Class A metrological technical personnel examination:1. A graduate of a public or registered private college or above, or a foreign college or above recognized by the Ministry of Education.2. Having engaged in work related to metrology for at least three years after being qualified as a Class B metrological technician personnel with a certificate. Article 4
A person who meets one of the following qualifications may attend a Class B metrological technical personnel examination:1. A graduate of a public or registered private high school or above, or a vocational high school or above.2. Academic attainment appraised as equivalent to those needed for graduation from high school or vocational high school.3. Having engaged in work related to metrology for at least five years. Article 5
Under any of the following circumstances, persons shall not act as the metrological technical personnel:1. Where the person is convicted, per a final judgment, to have committed the offense of falsifying weights and measures as defined in The Criminal Code, and execution of the punishment is pending or has not been completed, or the time elapsed after execution or remission of the punishment is less than one year;2. Where the person is subject to an commencement of guardianship or assistantship that has not been revoked yet.3. Where the person has once assumed public official and is dismissed from his post, and the period of prohibition from reappointment has not expired yet. Article 6
Upon signing up to attend the examination, a candidate shall fill in a sign-up sheet, pay the sign-up fee, and submit the following documents to the department in charge of examination affairs by way of correspondence:1. Photocopy of qualification certificate;2. Photocopy of ID card; and3. Two two-inch front half-body photos taken within the most recent year.4. Other documents required by Metrological Technical Personnel Enrolment Guideline of Examination.Where an application for sign-up referred to in the preceding Paragraph is deemed as unqualified, a time limit shall be set for correction; in case correction is not finished within the specified time limit, the application shall be rejected.Matters regarding the examination for metrological technical personnel shall be handled by the dedicated weights and measures authority; when necessary, the authority may commission any other government agencies (institutions) or organizations to deal with such matters. Article 7
Examinations for metrological technical personnel shall be held once every year or every two years; when necessary, temporary examinations may be held.The examinations referred to in the preceding Paragraph shall adopt the form of a competence examination; examination scores of 70 and above shall be considered passing. The scope of tested subjects and the forms of questions shall be as shown in the annexed Table 1.The candidates may apply to the department in charge of examination affairs to check up the scores he got.Annexed Table 1：List of Examination Courses for Metrological Technical Personnel.doc Annexed Table 1：List of Examination Courses for Metrological Technical Personnel.doc 
