Article 1
These regulations are duly enacted in accordance with Paragraph 6 of Article 8 of the Professional Engineers Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
When applying for professional engineer license (hereinafter referred to as license) renewal, a professional engineer shall pay the license fee and provide the following documents:1. Application form.2. The original copy of the existing license.3. The original copy and a photocopy of the professional engineer certificate.4. The original copy and a photocopy of the verification of professional practice and training certificate of the engineering branch(es) set forth in the license.5. Two 2”x2” head and shoulder photos taken in full face view within the last 6 months.6. In case of changes of business name or address, the institution operated under Subparagraph 1 of Paragraph 1 of Article 7 of the Act shall submit a verifying document that proves the new premise can be used as an office. In case of changes of business operations, the institution operated under Subparagraph 2 or 3 of Article 7 of the Act shall submit a photocopy of the registration certificate of the professional engineering consultant firm or the profit-seeking enterprise and an employment certificate.If the licensed professional engineer is suspended from practice and surrenders the license to the central competent authority for safekeeping, he or she shall submit the verifying documents issued by the central competent authority, in which case, submission of the original copy of the existing license is not required.If the licensed professional engineer voluntarily ceases to practice and surrenders the license to the central competent authority for cancellation, he or she will not be required to submit the original copy of the existing license. Article 3
The term “verification of professional practice” set forth in Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article denotes the business register book provided under Article 15 of the Act. Article 4
The term "training certificate" set forth in Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 of Article 2 denotes the score certificate obtained through the following technical seminars or trainings relevant to the engineering branch(es) set forth in the license.1. Each hour of attendance of a seminar, study panel or plenary lecture held by the competent authorities or the authorities in charge of the relevant industries is equivalent to 10 points, and the total score of each course or lecture is limited to 40. The foregoing shall also apply to the seminars, study panels or lectures officially approved by the central competent authority.2. Attending a technical seminar that exceeds an hour during an annual meeting held by the professional engineer association of oneengineering branch or of several engineering branches, or by the national federation is equivalent to 20 points for each event.3. Participating in the professional training programs held by or entrusted by the competent authorities or the authorities in charge of the relevant industries and obtaining a certificate equals 10 points per hour.4. Participating in an international seminar, study panel or plenary lecture held by a foreign professional institution or group and receiving a verifying document approved by the central competent authority equals 10 points per hour. The total score of a course or lecture is limited to 40.5. Participating in a course in engineering ethics held by the competent authorities or the authorities in charge of the relevant industries, or approved by the central competent authority for a minimum of 2 hours is equivalent to 20 points.6. Publishing papers in a domestic or foreign professional periodical equals 60 points per paper. Where there is more than one author, the points shall be equally divided by the authors. Translating published papers equals 20 points per paper. Where there is more than one translator, the points shall be equally divided by the translators.7. Receiving credits or a certificate of completion from a graduate institute by enrolling in the in-service program or continuing education equals 10 points per credit. The total score of each course is limited to 30.8. Receiving domestic or foreign patents relevant to the practice of professional engineering equals 60 points per patent.9. A training program that issues score certificates and is recognized by the central competent authority in concert with the authorities in charge of the relevant industries equals a maximum score of 60 per case.The central competent authority shall make public the “domestic or foreign professional periodicals” set forth in Subparagraph 6 of the preceding paragraph after consulting with the central authorities in charge of the relevant industries.Serving as a lecturer in a seminar, study panel, plenary lecture, or professional training program set forth in Subparagraphs 1 to 5 of Paragraph 1 equals 10 points per hour. The maximum score for each subject or lecture is 40.The points of the seminar, study panel, plenary lecture, or professional training program referred to in Subparagraphs 1 to 5 of Paragraph 1 is counted on an hourly basis. Fifty minutes of class is counted as an hour, while a class of 90 consecutive minutes is counted as 2 hours. Article 5
Prior to license renewal application, a professional engineer shall obtain a training score certificate relevant to the engineering branch set forth in the existing license, with a minimum of 300 points, including points acquired pursuant to Subparagraph 5 of Paragraph 1 of the preceding article.If the existing license bears more than one engineering branch, an additional 150 points will be required for each additional engineering branch, the score of which shall consist of a minimum of 150 points and shall be acquired through the participation of technical seminar activities or trainings defined under Subparagraph 1, 3 or 7 of Paragraph 1 of the preceding article. Article 6
Where an additional professional engineering branch is added to the existing license within three years prior to the expiration date, additional points for the additional branch will not be required when the license renewal application is filed within 3 years after the branch is added. Article 7
A professional engineer who has completed the technical seminars or trainings under Paragraph 1 of Article 4 shall apply to the central competent authority for reviewing and recording of the training score in a timely manner.The central competent authority may entrust national federation of professional engineer associations or the professional engineer association of each engineering branch or one that is jointly organized by several engineering branches to review and record the training score mentioned in the preceding Paragraph, and the entrusted particulars shall be published in the gazette. Article 8
The verification of professional practice and training certificate that a professional engineer submits for license renewal application under Paragraph 4 of Article 8 of the Act shall be obtained between the effective date of the existing license and the application date. When the review of application proves satisfactory, a new license will be issued and the validity period shall begin the next day after the existing license expires. Article 9
When applying for resuming professional practice after the existing license expires, the professional engineer shall submit the verification of professional practice and training certificate obtained within six years prior to the application date pursuant to Articles 2 to 6. When the review of application proves satisfactory, a new license will be issued and the validity period shall begin on the date of issuance. Article 10
The central competent authority shall notify the applicant to fulfill corrective action requirements within fifteen days starting from the next day after receiving the notification letter when a professional engineer applies for license renewal under any of the following circumstances:1. Failing to submit the application letter in the required format.2. Failing to submit required documents.3. Failing to pay the required license fee. Article 11
If a professional engineer applies for license renewal under any of the following circumstances, the central competent authority shall reject the application with written reasons.1. Failing to submit required documents before deadline.2. Unable to submit required documents.3. Where the applicant breaches the law, making license renewal impossible. Article 12
When a professional engineer whose license expired before the Act amendments took effect on June 24, 2011 applies for license renewal before June 23, 2013, he/she may submit verifying documents obtained within 4 years preceding the application date and comply with the following regulation to certify his/her practice and training. When the review of application proves satisfactory, a new license will be issued and the validity period of six years shall begin on the date of issuance.1. The training score certificate shall be relevant to the professional engineering branch set forth in the existing license and the score shall consist of a minimum of 200 points, including points acquired pursuant to Subparagraph 5 of Paragraph 1 of Article 4.2. If the existing license bears more than one engineering branch, an additional 100 points will be required for each additional engineering branch, the score of which shall consist of a minimum 100 points and shall be acquired through the participation of technical seminar activities or trainings defined under Subparagraph 1, 3 or 7 of Paragraph 1 of Article 4. Article 13
These regulations shall come into force upon the date of promulgation. 
