Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph Two, Article 25 of the Weights and Measures Act (hereinafter referred to as "the Act"). Article 2
The categories and scope of the legal measuring instruments subject to type approval are as follows:1. Taximeters;2. The following electronic non-automatic weighing instruments, excluding those provided with an automatic packaging function:(1) Price-computing weighing instruments;(2) Non-price-computing weighing instruments: with a maximum capacity of more than 3kg and not more than 100kg, and with the number of verification scale intervals (n) all between 1000~10000, excluding portable suspended weighing instruments.3. Water meters:(1) Vortex water meters with a nominal diameter of not less than 50mm and not more than 100mm;(2) Volumetric meters and velocity meters (Woltmann type, single jet type, and multi jet type) with nominal diameter not less than 13mm and not more than 300mm.4. Diaphragm gas meters: with a maximum flow of not more than 16m3/h.Type approval of price-computing weighing instruments as mentioned in Item (1), subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph with a maximum capacity of less than 1kg or more than 100kg, or with a number of verification scale intervals less than 1000 or more than 10000 will be carried out from 1 January 2006. Type approval of diaphragm gas meters as mentioned in subparagraph 4 of the preceding paragraph will be carried out from 1 July 2006. Applications for type approval of these instruments may be made from 1 January 2005.The type approval on water meters mentioned in Item (2), subparagraph 3 of the first paragraph with nominal diameter not less than 150mm and not more than 300mm will be carried out from July 1, 2009. Article 3
Applicants for type approval or their successors shall have a manufacturing or import business license for measuring instruments.Applicants for series type approval shall be the original applicants for type approval or their assignees. Article 4
For measuring instruments subject to type approval except water meters, the applicant shall apply to the dedicated weights and measures authority for type approval, series type approval or approbation by submitting application form(s) for each different types of measuring instruments, together with the type approval fees, certificate fees, test samples, test reports, appearance photos, declaration and relevant technical documents. Where tests are not required for series type approval or approbation, test reports are not required.The test reports as referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be obtained by making applications, together with relevant technical documents and test samples, to designated laboratories recognized by the dedicated weights and measures authority.For the type approval certification of the taxi meters, the documents that issued by the highways competent authorities or organizations designated by the highways competent authorities to certify the relative function meet the requirements shall be enclosed. To apply for series type approval or approbation, the documents that issued by highways competent authorities or laboratories designated by the highways competent authorities to certify the relative function meet the requirements shall be enclosed provided the alteration involving the requirement designated by the highways competent authorities.The provisions of the preceding paragraph will be carried from July 1, 2015. Article 5
For water meters, the applicant shall apply to the dedicated weights and measures authority for type approval, series type approval or approbation by submitting application form(s) for each different types of water meters, together with the type approval fees, certificate fees, test samples, material test reports, appearance photos, declaration and relevant technical documents.The material test reports referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be obtained by making applications to laboratories accredited by the International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation (ILAC) combined MRA mark , and the test reports shall bear the accreditation logo of the certification bodies. Article 5-1
In the case of an inherence or assignment of type approval for measuring instruments, the assignee shall prepare an application form and submit it together with the certificate fee, the original type approval certificate, declaration, list of seals and relevant evidential documents concerning the inherence of assignment to the dedicated weights and measures authority in charge of metrology.After a type approval certificate for measuring instruments is granted, the certificate obtained by the original applicant may be passed over to only one assignee.Type approval and series type approval within the registration scope of one type approval certificate for measuring instruments may not be passed over to separate assignees. Article 5-2
To apply for type approval of the same type of measuring instruments as those having already been type-approved, the applicant may submit a comparison report demonstrating that the instruments in question are really of the same type as well as a letter of consent from the applicant of the measuring instruments already type-approved to the dedicated weights and measures authority to apply for type approval or series type approval in accordance with the provisions of Articles 4 and 5.An applicant shall apply to designated laboratories recognized by the dedicated weights and measures authority for a comparison report as mentioned in the preceding paragraph by submitting relevant technical documents and test samples. Applications for comparison reports of water meters shall be made directly to the dedicated weights and measures authority.The measuring instruments that been approved as referred to in paragraph 1 shall be limited to those whose type approval certificates are not revoked or rescinded and are still within their validity period. Article 6
In the declaration referred to in paragraphs 1 of Articles 4, 5 and 5-1, the applicant for type approval or its assignee shall declare that the function, software design of measuring instruments and the functions of connected external devices do not violate the provisions set forth in the Technical Specifications for Type Approval of Measuring Instruments. Article 7
After having received an application for type approval, series type approval or approbation of measuring instruments, the dedicated weights and measures authority shall set a time limit for correction or supplementation if the application is deemed as unqualified after the process of examination; in case the applicant doesn’t make correction or supplementation within the specified time limit, the authority shall reject the application and return the certification fee.The correction or supplementation referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be completed within thirty days; where necessary, the period may be extended by the dedicated weights and measures authority. Article 8
If it is judged through examination by the dedicated weights and measures authority that an application for type approval or series type approval of measuring instruments conforms to the relevant provisions, the certificate of type approval shall be issued and the type approval marking shall be designated.The type approval marking referred to in the preceding paragraph shall be composed of a series of letters and a serial number. The letters are prescribed as follows:1. The letters for taximeters are "AA."2. The letters for electronic non-automatic weighing instruments are "BA."3. The letters for water meters are "FD."4. The letters for diaphragm gas meters are "FC."The type approval marking shall be engraved or printed on the measuring instruments in visible places, or affixed visibly on the instruments in other permanent ways. Article 9
The term of validity of a type approval certificate for measuring instrument is ten years, effective from the date of issuance. The original applicant or the assignee may apply to the dedicated weights and measures authority for extension of the term of validity by submitting an application form, type approval fees, certificate fees and relevant documents within a period of six months prior to the expiration of the certificate. A new certificate will be issued after the dedicated weights and measures authority has reviewed and approved the extension application.The extended term of validity of the type approval certificate shall be ten years, beginning from the day following the expiry date of the original certificate. Where the application is not filed six months before expiration of the certificate and the new certificate is not issued before the expiry date of the original certificate, the validity period of the new certificate shall be ten years beginning from the date of issuance.The term of validity of series type approval certificate shall be the same as that of the original type approval certificate.The term of validity of a type approval certificate which has been passed over to an assignee shall be the same as that of the original type approval certificates.Where an application is filed for type approval of price-computing weighing instruments or diaphragm gas meters in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 2 of Article 2 prior to the date of enforcement, the term of validity of type approval certificates shall be effective from the date of enforcement. Article 10
Where it is confirmed through examination that measuring instruments subject to type approval do not conform to the Technical Specifications for Type Approval of Measuring Instruments, a notice for rejection of approval shall be issued. Article 11
For type-approved measuring instruments, where the address or organization of the original applicant or the successor is changed, an application form shall be prepared and submitted together with the original certificate of type approval and the certificate fee to the dedicated weights and measures authority to apply for replacement. Article 12
The original applicant or its assignee shall seal up the type-approved measuring instruments before the initial verification to ensure that they are manufactured or imported in accordance with the approved type. The dedicated weights and measures authority may seal up the instruments again, where necessary.The provision of the preceding paragraph shall not be applicable to manufacturers of measuring instruments that are permitted by the dedicated weights and measures authority to perform self-verification in accordance with the technical specifications for verification and inspection of measuring instruments and to affix verification seals to the instruments. Article 13
Where a time limit is given for correction to be taken under Article 28 of the Act, the original applicant or its successor shall, within the specified time limit file an application for correction with the dedicated weights and measures authority by submitting the necessary documents specified by the authority. Article 14
If changes are intended to be made to the appearance, structure, material or technical characteristics of type-approved measuring instruments, an application shall be made for series type approval or approbation. However, if the changes resulted in great differences between the altered and the originally approved type, a new application for type approval shall be made.An application for series type approval or approbation as referred to in the preceding paragraph shall include the declaration that the changes do not violate the provisions set forth in the Technical Specifications for Type Approval of Measuring Instruments, and the unchanged items are the same as those of the original type.The provisions of Article 4 or Article 5 shall apply to procedure of approbation referred to in the first paragraph,. Article 15
For type-approved measuring instruments, under any of the circumstances prescribed in paragraph one, Article 32 of the Act, the original applicant or the assignee shall, after the correction is completed, apply to the dedicated weights and measures authority for correction by submitting an application form and the corrected data. The manufacturing, sale and verification of these instruments are allowed only when they are reviewed and confirmed to be in compliance with the requirements.Where necessary, the dedicated weights and measures authority may require the applicant or its assignee to provide test samples or test report on the corrected instrument. Article 16
Where the type-approved measuring instruments have any circumstances as mentioned bellow, the weights and measures authority may rescind the type-approval and order a return of the type-approval certificate within a given time limit. If the certificate is not returned within the required period, the dedicated weights and measures authority may make an announcement to cancel the certificate:1. Against the law of Subparagraph 1, Paragraph One, Article 32 of the Act more than twice within one year.2. The announce issued by the highways competent authorities to revoke or repeal the documents that enclosed for applying type approval, series approval or approbation for taximeters. Article 17
Where the type approval of measuring instruments is revoked or rescinded by the dedicated weights and measures authority, the corresponding series type approval shall also be revoked or rescinded. Article 18
An application for a replacement of the original type-approval certificate of measuring instruments may be submitted to the dedicated weights and measures authority by the original applicant or its successor by submitting an application form and certificate fee if the original certificate is lost or damaged. Article 19
For measuring instruments conforming to any of the following subparagraphs before these Regulations come into force, except where their application for verification are no longer accepted, the original applicant or its successor may, within one year commencing from the day when these Regulations take effect, apply for issuance of a new type-approval certificate by submitting the original type approval certificate. Applications for initial verification of these measuring instruments shall not be accepted after this one-year period expires:1. Taximeters that have been granted type approval by the dedicated weights and measures authority as of 1 January 1994;2. Electronic non-automatic weighing instruments that have been granted type approval by the dedicated weights and measures authority as of 1 March 2000; or3. Water meters that have been granted type approval by the dedicated weights and measures authority as from 13 February 1993. Article 20
These Regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation unless otherwise prescribed. 
