Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article 43 of the Limited Partnership Act and Article 10 Paragraph 1 of the Charges and Fees Act. Article 2
A limited partnership applying for pre-check of the name and business scope shall pay a pre-check examination fee in the amount of NT00. If the pre-check application is filed electronically, the pre-check examination fee shall be in the amount of NT50. Article 3
A limited partnership applying for formation registration shall, upon filing the written application, pay a registration fee at the rate of NT for every NT,000 in its total capital contribution as specified in its partnership agreement, provided that the registration fee to be paid under this paragraph shall not be less than NT,000. Article 4
A foreign limited partnership applying for branch office registration shall, upon filing the written application, pay a registration fee at the rate of NT$ 1 for every NT,000 in the operating funds allocated for exclusive use by its business place in Taiwan, provided that the registration fee to be paid under this paragraph shall not be less than NT,000. Article 5
A limited partnership or a foreign limited partnership applying for registration of increasing capital contribution or operating funds shall pay a registration fee at the rate of NT for every NT,000 in the increased portion, provided that the registration fee to be paid under this paragraph shall not be less than NT,000. Article 6
A limited partnership applying for formation or alteration registration of a branch office, or a foreign limited partnership applying for alteration registration of a branch office, shall, upon filing the written application, pay a registration fee at the charging rate of NT,000 for each branch office. Article 7
A limited partnership applying for registration other than formation registration, registration of increasing capital contribution and formation or alteration registration of a branch office shall pay a registration fee in the amount of NT,000.A foreign limited partnership applying for a registration other than formation registration of a branch office, registration of increasing operating funds and alteration registration of a branch office shall pay a registration fee in the amount of NT,000. Article 8
The fee charged under Article 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 of these Regulations shall be reduced by NT00 per application filed and uploaded electronically. Article 9
An applicant applying for inspecting any information contained in registration books or other registered documents shall pay an inspection fee in the amount of NT00 per each limited partnership whose registered information is to be inspected. If the inspection time exceeds two hours, an additional NT00 will be charged for every additional hour. In case that the above additional inspection time is less than one hour, a one hour fee shall still be charged. In applying for photocopies of the inspected registered documents of any limited partnership, an applicant shall pay NT for each page of the documents.An applicant applying only for photocopies of the documents in the preceding paragraph without inspection shall pay an examination fee in the amount of NT00 in addition to the fees charged under the preceding paragraph.In applying for a transcription of registered documents of any limited partnership, a transcription fee shall be payable at a charging rate of NT00 per each copy of the transcription. In case two or more copies of the transcription of the same registered documents are requested in the same application, then a transcription fee at the charging rate of NT00 shall be payable for each additional copy of such transcription.In applying for a transcription of other registered data or information, a transcription fee at the charging rate of NT00 shall be payable for every 1,000 transcribed words, provided that a fixed fee amount equal to NT00 shall be applied to the remaining part of the transcription or to the single transcription containing less than 1,000 transcribed words. Article 10
In applying for a transcription of the following information to be provided through batch processing by the competent authority, the applicant shall pay a basic transcription fee in a fixed amount of NT,000, provided that if the number of the limited partnerships whose information are to be transcribed exceeds 500, an extra transcription fee at the rate of NT0 per one additional limited partnership shall be charged therefor:1. Uniform serial number of the limited partnership;2. Name of the limited partnership;3. Business to be conducted by the limited partnership;4. Location of the limited partnership;5. Name of the limited partnership representative;6. Name of each general partner; capital contribution amount and liability type of each partner;7. Actual payment of the installment of capital contribution upon formation; type(s) of non-cash contribution;8. Duration of the limited partnership;9. Branch(s) of a domestic limited partnership;10. Name of the limited partnership responsible person;11. Name(s) of the limited partnership managerial officer(s);12. Causes of dissolution agreed by the limited partnership; and13. Formation registration date of the limited partnership. Article 11
In applying for issuance of a certificate, the applicant shall pay a certification fee in the amount of NT00 for each certificate. In case two or more copies of the same certificate are requested in the same application, then a certification fee at the charging rate of NT00 shall be payable for each additional copy of such certificate.In applying for issuance of an English certificate, the applicant shall pay a certification fee in the amount of NT00 for each certificate. In case two or more copies of the same English certificate are requested in the same application, then a certification fee at the charging rate of NT00 shall be payable for each additional copy of such certificate. Article 12
Under any of the following circumstances, a limited partnership shall be exempted from the registration fee:1. Where an application is filed for alteration registration of the address of the limited partnership, a responsible person or a partner, resulted from rezoning of administrative zones or reassignment of door numbers; or2. Where an application is filed for registration of business suspension, extension, resumption, dissolution or nullification;3. Where an application for other registrations is filed together with the application for formation registration or registration of increasing capital contribution by a limited partnership, or for formation registration of a branch office or registration of increasing operating funds by a foreign limited partnership. Article 13
The fees charged under these Regulations shall be collected in accordance with budgeting procedures. Article 14
These Regulations shall take effect on November 30, 2015. 
