Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Paragraph 5, Article 15 of the Nuclear Material and Radioactive Waste Management Act. Article 2
These Regulations shall apply to the safety management of the holding, use, importation, exportation, transit, transportation, storage, discarding, transfer, leasing or pledging of nuclear source material. Article 3
Prior to possess or use of nuclear source material, the applicant shall prepare an application form describe the following matters, and submit it to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Storage place, storage status and accumulated quantity.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.To apply for use of nuclear source material, the application form shall describe the method employed and the operating equipment additionally. Article 4
The transport of nuclear source material shall conform to the provisions of the Regulations for the Safe Transport of Radioactive Materials, and the consigner shall submit an application form to the competent authority for approval prior to transport. Article 5
Prior to import of nuclear source material, the applicant shall prepare an application form describe the following matters, and submit it together with the related document of the certificate of origin issued by the sending country for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Export organization.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Application for import permit referred to in the preceding Paragraph may be filed together with application for possess or use permit under Article 3. Article 6
Prior to export of nuclear source material, the applicant shall prepare an application form describe the following matters, and submit it to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, and nature state.2. Receiving organization and purpose.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice. Article 7
Prior to transit or transship en route of nuclear source material, the applicant shall prepare an application form and submit it together with the following documents to the competent authority for approval:1. The original of the permit issued by the original sending country, or its photocopy notarized by notary public.2. The original of the permit issued by the receiving country, or its photocopy notarized by notary public.3. Transport manifest.4. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Nuclear source material applying for transit or transship en route may not be unloaded and stored without permission of the competent authority. Article 8
Prior to store source material, the operator shall prepare an application form describing the following matters and submit it to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Storage place and method.3. Material and accounting record management plan.4. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Where the nuclear source material is to be stored in an approved storage facility, it is not necessary to file application in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Paragraph. Article 9
Prior to discard nuclear source material, the operator shall prepare an application form describing the following matters and submit it to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and original purpose.2. Reason for discarding.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Approved discarding nuclear source material shall be handled in accordance with the related regulations governing naturally occurring radioactive materials waste. Article 10
Prior to assign nuclear source material, the assignee shall prepare an application form describing the following matters, and submit it together with the possess permit of the assignor to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Anticipated assignment date.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Application for assignment referred to in the preceding Paragraph shall be filed together with application for possessing under Article 3. Article 11
Prior to lease nuclear source material, the leaseholder shall prepare an application form describing the following matters, and submit it together with the possess permit of the lessor to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Anticipated term of leasehold.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice.Application for lease referred to in the preceding Paragraph shall be filed together with application for possessing under Article 3. Article 12
Prior to set the right of pledge of nuclear source material, the pledgee shall prepare an application form describing the following matters, and submit it together with the possess permit of the pledger to the competent authority for approval:1. Category, quantity, nature state and purpose.2. Reason for and term of pledging.3. Other matters specified by the competent authority in public notice Article 13
Where accident occurs or loss, theft or sabotage is found during the operating process of nuclear source material, the operator or applicant shall notify the competent authority within two hours after the occurrence or finding, and bring forward a written report within thirty days. Article 14
Where the operating process referred to in Articles 5 to 7 and Articles 9 to 12 involves transport, the application may be filed together with application for transport under Article 4. Article 15
The competent authority shall prescribe the formats of the application forms set forth in these Regulations. Article 16
These Regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation. 
