Article 1
The Act was established pursuant to Section 7 Clause 2 and Section 8 Clause 3 of the Money Laundering Control Act. Article 2
Jewellery stores must comply with the policies below to confirm customers' identity and retain transaction records for cash transactions exceeding NTD500,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies):1. Request the customer to present identity proofs to confirm identity; record the customer's name, identity number, date and year of birth, address, telephone number, and the transaction amount.2. If the transaction is conducted by an agent, the jewellery store shall request identity proof from the agent to confirm identity, while recording the agent's name, ID number, date and year of birth, address, telephone number, and the transaction amount.3. Transaction records shall be retained in their original forms for at least 5 years. Article 3
Jewellery stores are required to report to the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice, any cash transactions above NTD500,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies) within 5 business days by completing the large volume transaction reporting form; the form must be affixed with the jewellery store's seal and faxed to the Bureau. Article 4
Under any of the following circumstances, the jewellery store must confirm the customer's identity, retain transaction records, and report to the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice, for suspected money laundering transactions:1. Unusually large transactions (including cash and non-cash transactions using any payment instruments issued by financial institutions) that are unrelated to the customer's identity, income, or business activities.2. Consecutive cash transactions that are slightly less than the NTD500,000 threshold.3. After a transaction is completed, confirmation to the customer of the suspicious transaction revealed that the customer denies conducting such a transactions or no such customer exists, or discovers any evidence or facts to believe that the customer's identity has been misused.4. The accessories to any major crime reported on television, newspapers, magazines, or the Internet were found to have transactions with the jewellery store.5. The underlying funds of the transaction originate from any countries or regions with inadequate anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing measures, as published by any international money laundering prevention organizations; or if the funds originate from countries or regions that do not comply with the recommendations of any international money laundering prevention organizations; or if the funds are unrelated to the customer's identity, income, or business activities.6. The transaction counterparty is considered a terrorist or terrorist organization by a foreign government, as notified by the Financial Supervisory Commission of the Executive Yuan; or is a terrorist organization recognized by, or subject to any investigation of, any international money-laundering prevention organization; of if the underlying funds of the transaction are suspected to be involved, or if there are reasons to believe to have been involved with terrorist activities or organizations, or the financing of terrorism.7. Other transactions suspected of being involved money laundering activities (including cash and non-cash transactions using any payment instruments issued by financial institutions), regardless of the amount.Jewellery stores are also required to report to the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice, for any of the suspected money laundering transactions above that are not completed. Article 5
Jewellery stores must comply with the following policies when reporting suspected money laundering transactions:1. Within 10 business days upon the discovery of any suspected money laundering transactions, the jewellery store must complete a suspected money laundering transaction reporting form, affix its business seal, and fax to the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice.2. For suspected money laundering transactions that require immediate and urgent attention, the jewellery store may fax or report in advance using any feasible methods, and provide the reporting form later. However, no reporting form is required if the Investigation Bureau, Ministry of Justice, faxes a confirmation slip back to the jewellery store to confirm receipt of the incident. The jewellery store must also retain the confirmation slip for future reference.3. The reporting and transaction records shall be maintained in their original forms for at least 5 years. Article 6
The large volume transaction reporting form mentioned in Section Three, the suspected money laundering transaction reporting form mentioned in Clause 1 of the previous section, and the format of confirmation slip mentioned in Clause 2 shall be published by the competent authority. Article 7
The Act shall become effective on the date of its announcement. 
