Article 1
The Regulations are prescribed in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 6, Article 10-1 of the Statute for the Establishment and Administration of Export Processing Zone. Article 2
Business entities that meet the following conditions may apply to set up operation or liaison offices within the Export Processing Zone:1. The applicant is a company, firm, foundation, or juridical association outside the Zone, a specialized technician who has completed the practice registration, or a foreign company that has applied to the central competent authority for recordation pursuant to Article 386 of the Company Act;2. The types of business entities in operation are consistent with the types of business entities permitted to set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone.Except for gasoline stations and freight truck transport businesses, business entities may apply to the local Administration or its branches for company registration without being subject to the limitation concerning companies outside the Zone as mentioned in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph. Article 3
Business entities that apply to set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone shall obtain approval from the Export Processing Zone Administration (hereinafter referred to as the “Administration”) or its branches before applying for registration. However, business entities engaged in freight truck transport, customs clearance services, insurance activities, waste collection and materials recovery, legal and accounting activities, postal saving and remittance services, or the self-usage power generation equipment utilizing renewable energy industry may apply for approval and registration at the same time.Business entities engaged in the self-usage power generation equipment utilizing renewable energy industry, as set forth in the preceding paragraph, may not be required to set up offices within the Zone if approval from the Administration or its branches has been obtained. Article 4
Business entities applying for the approval set forth in the preceding article shall fill in an application form and submit the following documents:1. Photocopies of certificates or proof of operation, practice, or recordation issued to a company, business, foundation, juridical association, specialized technician, or foreign company’ operation or liaison offices in Taiwan;2. Photocopies of identity documents of the responsible person;3. A plan;4. Other required and relevant documents.Freight truck transport businesses and express delivery businesses transporting goods out of the Export Processing Zone or delivering goods from foreign countries into the Export Processing Zone shall submit the following documents along with the documents listed in the preceding paragraph:1. Vehicle registration documents;2. Proof of duty payment for the latest quarter;3. Photocopies of the driver’s license;4. Affidavits sworn and signed by drivers or operators of the company to comply with the traffic regulations and applicable laws and regulations governing the Export Processing Zone when working inside the Zone;5. Photocopies of the membership card issued by a cargo transportation association;6. Photocopies of valid bonded truck licenses issued by Customs (for bonded carriers).Basic information about the company, the location of its liaison office, the types of its operation, and its financial plans shall be included in the plan mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1. Article 4-1
In the case of freight truck transport businesses or express delivery businesses that have set up operation or liaison offices within each Zone, as registered by the Administration or its branches, a pass shall be issued to each of their vehicles. However, the pass shall be renewed every two (2) years. Article 5
Business entities applying to register their operation or liaison offices within the Zone shall submit an application form and the following documents to the local Administration or its branches:1. Photocopies of certificates or proof of operation, practice, or recordation issued to a company, business, foundation, juridical association, specialized technician, or foreign company’ operation or liaison offices in Taiwan;2. Photocopies of the business license issued by the competent authority in the case of businesses that require permission;3. Photocopies of identity documents of the responsible person or the person in charge of the business within the Zone;4. Certificates of use of the land or building where the operation or liaison office is located within the Zone, as well as a leased land or building plan in which the leased area is indicated; and5. Photocopies of the approval documents issued by the Administration or its branches. Article 6
The Administration or its branches shall approve or reject applications for approval and registration of business entities setting up operation or liaison offices within the Zone within 30 days (holidays not included) after receiving the applications, except when notices of supplementary documents or corrections are given. Article 7
The following particulars shall be recorded by the Administration or its branches while processing the applications for registration of business entities setting up operation or liaison offices within the Zone:1. Name of the operation or liaison office;2. Person in charge of the business within the Zone;3. Address of the operation or liaison office within the Zone;4. Type of business entities approved to set up the operation or liaison office;5. Area of the land or building used for the operation or liaison office;6. Name, address, and responsible person of the head office; and7. Vehicles used by freight truck transport businesses to transport goods out of the Export Processing Zone and deliver goods from foreign countries into the Export Processing Zone.Those obtaining approval in accordance with Paragraph 2 of Article 3 may be exempt from recordation of the particulars listed in Subparagraphs 3 and 5 of the preceding paragraph. Article 8
In case of changes in the registered particulars about the business entities having set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone, the person in charge of the business within the Zone shall, within 15 days from the day when the changes take place, submit an application form for registration of change and relevant documents to the local Administration or its branches to apply for registration of the changes. Article 9
The establishment and operations of the business entities having set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone shall conform to the applicable laws and regulations concerning construction management, fire protection, safety and health as well as environmental protection. Article 10
The Administration or its branches may assign a specific location based on the industrial classification to the business entity having set up an operation or liaison office within the Zone when it applies for a location for its operations. Article 11
Business entities having set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone shall apply to the local Administration or its branches for issuance of passes to their personnel and vehicles.Personnel and vehicles entering and exiting the Export Processing Zone shall undergo mandatory inspection by the Administration or its branches, the Customs, and security guards. Traffic must be kept unobstructed during business operations.Trucks, containers, and machines entering the Zone for operations shall exit the Zone prior to 9 p.m. on the same day and must not be left in the Zone after this time.Each truck or tractor entering the Zone for operations may be equipped with a maximum of two trailers. Article 12
(Deleted) Article 13
When terminating their business operations within the Zone, business entities having set up operation or liaison offices within the Zone shall apply to the local Administration or its branches for cancellation of registration. Companies registered in the Zone without operation or liaison offices in the Zone and other zones shall apply for dissolution of the company or removal from the Export Processing Zone at the same time. Article 14
The Regulations shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
