Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 12 of the Standards Act. Article 2
The fees prescribed in these Regulations include fees involving the application for and use of CNS Mark and follow-up fees. Article 3
The fees for certificates and application of CNS Mark are as follows:1.Application fee: NT,000 for each application2.Certificate fee: NT,000 for each certificate3.Re-issuance of certificate: NT00 for each certificate4.A fee of NT00 for each replacement of certificate shall be charged. Fee shall not be collected if the competent authorities approve for the replacement of certificate; or government agencies conduct administrative area adjustment and house numbering adjustment and needs for replacement of certificate.5.English certificate: NT,000 for each certificate Article 4
(Deleted) Article 5
Relevant fees for CNS Mark product inspection, witness testing or surveillance of the manufacturer are as follows:1.Product inspection or surveillance of the manufacturer: the provisions of Article 7 to 9 and Article 22 of the Regulations Governing Fees for Commodity Inspection shall apply. If product inspection and surveillance of the manufacturer are conducted simultaneously, unless otherwise prescribed in these regulations, then only the fee for product inspection shall be collected.2.Product inspection items and corresponding rates for inspection: the provision of subparagraph 1 of paragraph 1 of Article 21 of the Regulations Governing Fees for Commodity Inspection shall apply.3.Re-issuance, replacement or additional copy of product inspection report is NT00 for each copy. English translation of product inspection is NT00 for each copy and NT00 for each additional copy.4.The registered manufacturer shall pay NT00 for each person implementing every witness testing. But for testing conducted abroad or outside the governing district of competent authorities, the collected fees shall be in accordance with the Regulations for Applying Domestic Trip and Overseas Business Trip Allowance. Article 6
The fees relating to the recognition of designated testing laboratories as mentioned in the provisions of Article 7 of the Regulations Governing the CNS Mark shall be collected in accordance with the provisions of Article 18 of the Regulations Governing Fees for Commodity Inspection. Article 6-1
The fees relating to the application of third-party certification agencies as mentioned in the provisions of Chapter 5 of the Regulations Governing the CNS Mark shall be collected in accordance with the provisions of Article 19-1 of the Regulations Governing Fees for Commodity Inspection. Article 7
These Regulations shall come into force from the date of promulgation. 
