Article 1
These Regulations are formulated pursuant to Paragraph 5, Article 53 of the Patent Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The so-called “central competent authority in charge of the business” in these Regulations shall be Department of Health, Executive Yuan for pharmaceuticals,or Council of Agriculture, Executive Yuan for agrichemicals. Article 3
A request for patent term extension pursuant to Article 53 of theAct should be made in writing and signed or sealed by the patentee or an agent thereof indicating the following information:1. patent certificate number;2. title of invention;3. patentee’s name, nationality, domicile/residence or business establishment; the name of therepresentative, if any;4. reasons and term for extension; and5. date of the regulatory approvalfirst obtained.Two copies of the regulatory approval obtained in accordance with applicable laws and the domestic and/or foreign document(s) of proof regarding the application of such regulatory approvalshould be provided together with the written requestreferred to in the preceding paragraph.Upon acceptance of the request referred to in Paragraph 1, the Specific Patent Agency shall publish the contents of the request form.When the request for patent term extension is granted, theSpecific Patent Agency should notify the patentee to provide the patent certificate for specifyingthe approved extensionthereto. Article 4
With respect to pharmaceuticals or the manufacturing processes thereof, the periods of time allowable for a request for patent term extension include:1. the period of domestic and/or foreign clinical trialsconducted for obtaining a pharmaceutical approval from the central competent authority in charge of the business; and2. the examining period for the domesticregulatory approval.The “domestic and/or foreign clinical trials” referred to in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph shall be limited to those sent by the Specific Patent Agency to the central competent authority in charge of the business and confirmed by the latter for issuing the pharmaceutical approval.Where the request for patent term extension is made pursuant to Paragraph 1, the time period attributable to the requester’s omission of act, the overlapping time period between domestic and foreign clinical trials, and the overlapping period between the clinical trials and the examining period for the regulatory approval,should be deducted from the period to be granted extension. Article 5
For a request for patent term extension concerning pharmaceuticals or the manufacturing processes thereof,the following documents shall be provided:1. document(s) of proof and a list with respect tothe time periods of the domestic and/or foreign clinical trials and the commencement and expiration thereof;2. document(s) of proof with respect to the examining period for the domestic regulatoryapproval and the commencement and expiration thereof; and3. a photocopy of the pharmaceutical approval.If the request for patent termextension is based on the time period of clinical trials in a foreign country, in addition to the documents specified in the preceding paragraph, in the event that a patent term extension based on these clinic trials has been requested and granted in a foreign country, document(s)proving the such extension shall also be provided. Article 6
With respect to agrichemicals or the manufacturing processes thereof, the periods of timeallowable for a request for patent term extension include:1. the period of domestic and/or foreign field tests conducted for obtaining anagrichemical approval from the central competent authority in charge of the business; and2. the examining period for the domestic regulatory approval;The “domestic and/or foreign field tests” referred to in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph shall be limited to those sent by the Specific Patent Agency to the central competent authority in charge of the business and confirmed by the latter for issuing the agrichemical approval.The longest among the time periods taken for thefield tests shall be considered as the time period for conducting domestic and/or foreign field tests referred to in Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1. However, if the field tests are sequential, the time taken for each test may be added up for calculation of the time period allowable for patent termextension.Where the request for patent term extension is made pursuant to Paragraph 1, the time period attributable to therequester’s omission of act, the overlapping time period between domestic and foreignfield tests, and the overlapping time period between field tests and the examination period of the regulatory approval, should be deducted from the period to be granted extension. Article 7
For a request for patent term extension concerning agrichemicals or the manufacturing processes thereof,the following documents shall be provided:1. document(s) of proof and a list with respect to the time periods of the domestic and/or foreign field testsand the commencement and expiration thereof;2. document(s) of proof with respect to the examining period of the domesticregulatory approval and the commencement and expiration thereof; and3. aphotocopy of the agrichemical approval.If the request for patent term extension is based on the time period of field tests in a foreign country, in addition to the documents specified in the preceding paragraph, in the event that a patent term extension based on these field tests has been requested and granted in a foreign country, document(s)proving such extension shall also be provided. Article 8
Where the commencement of a domestic or foreign testpredatesthe publication of a patent application, the time period in which the invention cannot be exploitedfor the purposeof obtaining a regulatory approval shall be calculated from the publication date; where the commencement of a domestic or foreign test comes after publication of a patent application, the time period shall be calculated from the commencement of the test.The expiration of the time period in which the invention cannot be exploited for the purpose of obtaining a regulatory approval shall be one day beforesuchapproval is obtained. Article 9
After the examination of the request for patent term extension, in the event that the time period in which the invention cannot be exploited for the purpose of obtaining the regulatory approvalexceeds the requested extension, theextended period to be granted shall be limited to the requested extension. Article 10
These regulations shall enter into forceon January 1, 2013. 
