Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Article 18 of the Weights and Measures Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
The verification following terms used in this Regulation are defined as follows:1. “Initial Verification” A legal measuring instrument subject to verification conducted before the measuring instruments are released from the factory or import. But agreed to the dedicated weights and measures authority that mentioned verification after to install or in using.2. “Reverification” A legal measuring instrument subject to verification conducted when the validity period of the previous verification expires or after repairs, adjustments or remodeling have been made to the measuring instruments or in using.“Verification agency (institution)” mentioned in these Regulations refers to the dedicated weights and measures authority, its branches, or any other government agencies or institutions commissioned by the dedicated weights and measures authority. Article 3
The categories and scopes of legal measuring instruments subject to verification are as follows:1. Taximeters.2. Weighing instruments: non-automatic weighing instruments, automatic gravimetric filling weighing instruments and discontinuous totalizing automatic weighing instruments, excluding the following instruments:(1) The weighing instruments of non-pricing and not for transaction use with a number of verification scale interval all more than 10 000;(2) The weighing instruments with a number of verification scale interval less than 3000 and maximum weighing capacity less than 3 kg marked not for transaction use of measuring instruments.(3) Portable suspended weighing instruments with a maximum weighing capacity less than 50 kg and marked not for transaction use of measuring instruments.(4) Suspended weighing instruments with a maximum weighing capacity more than 1 t;(5) Bathroom scales;(6) Weighing in motion non-automatic weighing instruments;3. Non-Invasive mechanical sphygmomanometers;4. Volumeters:(1) Liquid volumetric meters: metal measuring pails and measuring tanks marked with divisions; excluding the following measuring tanks:(i) Measuring tanks with a capacity of more than 110 m3; and(ii) Pressure measuring tanks.(2) Diaphragm gas meters, excluding gas meters with a maximum air flow more than 100 m3/hr.(3) Water meters: volumetric water meters, velocity water meters（Woltmann meters, single-jet meters and multi-jet meters）and vortex water meters, excluding combination water meters and water meters with a caliber of more than 300 mm.(4) Oil meters, excluding oil meters with a caliber of more than 160 mm.(5) Liquefied petroleum gas flow meters.5. Electricity meters：Watt-hour meters, Var-hour meters, Watt-hour demand meters, Static electricity meters and Instrument transformers, excluding are as follows:(1) Ancillary electricity meters within the electric products(2) Ancillary electricity meters within the converters/inverters(3) Panel meter(4) Portable electricity meters(5) Reference electricity meter(6) Direct current electricity meter(7) Energy transducer(8) Standard electricity meters and those with rated voltage higher than 600 V.(9) Current transformer operated electricity meters those with rated secondary current below 5 A(10) Current transformers those with rated secondary current below 5A(11) Instrument transformers of 69 kV higher than the nominal system voltage.6. Speedometers.(1) Radar speedometers for law enforcement.(2) Laser speedometers for law enforcement.(3) Inductive loop speedometers for law enforcement.7. Sound level meters for official inspection.8. Concentration meters.(1) Breathe alcohol testers and analyzers for official inspection.(2) Rice grain moisture meters.(3) Field corn moisture meters.(4) Vehicles exhaust emissions analyzers for official inspection excluding those used for motorcycles and diesel engines.9. Illuminance meters for official inspection.10. Electrical thermometers.The legal measuring instruments subject to verification under the provisions set forth in subparagraph 2 may be exempted from verification if they were manufactured or imported before 1 January 2014 and marked not for transaction use, certification or official inspection.The field corn moisture meters listed in item 3, subparagraph 8,Paragraph 1 shall be included as legal measuring instruments subject to verification and come into force on 1 July 2016. To meet the field corn production season, the period of accepting verification for field corn moisture meters shall be during February to March and July to August each year.The applicable targets, applicable legislations, and usage of the legal measuring instruments for official inspection or law enforcement in subparagraph 6 to 9, Paragraph 1 are shown in Annex . Annex.doc 
