Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed pursuant to Article 35, Paragraph 1 of the Business Registration Act. Article 2
The term "fees" as referred to in these Regulations shall include examination fee, registration fee, inspection fee, transcription fee, duplication fee, and various certification fees. Article 3
A business applying for pre-check of business name and scope shall pay an examination fee in the amount of NTD 300; but in the case that such application is made through internet transmission, the examination fee shall be in the amount of NTD150. Article 4
A business applying for establishment of business or branches and registration of alternation shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 1,000 for each application; provided, however, that if such application is made through internet transmission, the aforesaid fee shall have a 20% reduction.Under the following circumstances, a business shall be exempted from making payment of the registration fee:1. Where the application is filed for registration of alternation of business address or address of the responsible person or partners resulted from rezoning of administrative zones or reassignment of door numbers; or2. Where the application is filed for registration of business termination, business resumption and business suspension; or3. Where an application is filed together with other registrations.4. Where the application is filed for registration of alteration of business name for the reason of the same business names resulting from adjustment of administrative districts.A business applying for pre-check of business name and scope based on Item 4 in preceding paragraph shall be exempted from paying the examination fee. Article 5
A statutory representative or an agent applies for registration of operating a business for a person without disposing capacity or with limited disposing capacity shall pay a fee in an amount of NTD 500 for each application. Article 6
A business applying for registration of managerial officers for the business and each branch shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 500 for each application. Article 7
A business applying for a certificate of a particular of business registration shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 300 for each application. Article 8
A business applying for inspection of business registration documents shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 300 for each application. If the inspection time exceeds two hours, an additional NTD 100 will be charged per hour. The fee will be charged in increments of one hour.A business applying for duplicating business registration documents after inspection shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 10 for each document.A business applying for duplicates of business registration documents without inspection shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 10 for each document. An examination fee in the amount of NTD 100 will also be charged for each application Article 9
A business applying for transcription of business registration documents shall pay a fee in the amount of NTD 300 for every 100 words; provided that the words are less than 100, it will be calculated as 100 words. Article 10
In applying for a provision or transmission of the following information to be provided by the competent authority of the municipality directly under the jurisdiction of the Executive Yuan or the county (city) where the business is located, either in the form of written documents, electronic records or other mediums , the applicant shall pay a basic duplication fee in a fixed amount of NTD 5,000, provided however, that if the number of businesses whose information are to be provided or transmitted exceeds 500, an extra duplication fee at the rate of NTD 10 per one additional business information shall be charged therefor:1. the uniform serial number of the business;2. the name of the business;3. the organization of the business;4. the scope of business;5. the amount of capital;6. the location of the business;7. the name of the responsible person and the amount of his/her capital contribution;8. the names and the amounts of capital contributions of the partners, if in the form of partnership;9. the names, locations and names of managers of the branches;10. the date of approval of its establishment.In applying for the information of branches in Item 9 of the preceding paragraph, each branch will be counted as one business. Article 11
These Regulations shall become effective on April 13, 2009.The amendments to these Regulations shall take effect as the date of promulgation hereof. 
