Article 1
These rules are set pursuant to the provisions of Article 38 of the Integrated Circuit Layout Protection Act. Article 2
The fees set forth in these rules shall include application fees, registration fees, and certificate issuance fees. Article 3
The application fees in connection with the circuit layouts are set forth as follows: For registration of a circuit layout, two thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For recordation of an assignment or inheritance of circuit layout rights, three thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For recordation of a license of circuit layout rights, three thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For recordation of a creation, transfer, or alteration of a pledge on circuit layout rights, three thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For recordation of a compulsory license to circuit layout rights, three thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For recordation of a transfer of a compulsory license to circuit layout rights, three thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For revocation of a circuit layout registration, nine thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For dispute resolution of circuit layout rights, twelve thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For change of records of a circuit layout registration, one thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For issuance of a certificate, one thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. For review of files, one thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per application. Article 4
At the time of filing a circuit layout registration, a registration fee shall also be charged at six thousand New Taiwan Dollars per registration. If the registration stated in the preceding Paragraph is not accepted by the agency in charge of circuit layout affairs, the registration fee shall be refunded to the applicant. Article 5
One thousand New Taiwan Dollars shall be charged per reissuance of a certificate. Article 6
The rules retroactive effeted on February 11, 1996. 
