Article 1
These Standards are prescribed pursuant to Paragraph 2 of Article 104 of the Trademark Act (hereinafter as the Act). Article 2
The following are fees of filing an application for registration:1. for an application for trademark or collective trademark registration, the filing fee to be paid is calculated from each class of the designated goods or services. The amount for each class is calculated according to the following:(1) for a class in Classes 1 to 34 with 20 designated goods or less in such class, the amount is NT,000; for more than 20 designated goods in such class, the amount shall plus NT00 per designated good over 20 goods;(2) for a class in Classes 35 to 45, the amount is NT,000; for Class 35 with designated retail services of specific goods, the amount shall plus NT00 per designated retail service of specific goods over 5 retail service of specific goods.2. for an application for collective mark or certification mark registration, the filing fee is NT,000.When filing an application for registration by electronic means pursuant to Article 13 of the Act, the filing fee referred to in the preceding paragraph shall reduce NT00 per application; while all of the designated goods or services in such application are identical with the recommended terms in e-filing system, the filing fee shall reduce NT00 more per class. Article 3
The following are fees of registration:1. for a trademark or collective trademark registration, the fee is NT,500 per class;2. for a collective mark or certification mark registration, the fee is NT,500.For those who chose to pay registration fees by two installments and already paid the first installment prior to the enforcement of the articles of this Act amended on May 31, 2011, the following are the amount of second installment shall be paid:1. for a trademark or collective trademark registration, the amount is NT,500 per class;2. for a collective mark or certification mark registration, the amount is NT,500. Article 4
The following are fees of renewal:1. for renewal of a trademark or collective trademark, the fee is NT,000 per class;2. for renewal of a collective mark or certification mark, the fee is NT,000.If a request for renewal is withdrawn before the notice of acceptance has been given, the applicant may request for a refund of the renewal fee referred to in the preceding paragraph. Article 5
The following are fees of division:1. for division of an application for registration, the fee is NT,000 per additional application after the division;2. for division of a trademark, certification mark, or collective trademark registration, the fee is NT,000 per additional registration after the division;3. for division of a trademark, certification mark, or collective trademark registration prior to the disposition of an opposition, invalidation, or revocation against such trademark or mark become final, NT,000 shall be additionally paid in addition to the fee pursuant to preceding subparagraph. Article 6
The following are other fees:1. for amendment or change to particulars in a registration or application for registration, the fee is NT00 per request; for one request to amendment or change same particulars in multiple registrations or applications for registration, the fee is calculated from each registrations or applications for registration;2. for a restriction of designated goods or services of a registered trademark, the fee is NT00;3. for an entry of a license or sub-license in the Register, the fee is NT,000; for one request to an entry of multiple licenses under same conditions in the Register, the fee is calculated from each license; same fee to be paid shall also apply to one request to an entry of multiple sub-licenses under same conditions in the Register;4. for a removal of a license or sub-license from the Register, the fee is NT,000;5. for an entry of transfer of a registration in the Register, the fee is NT,000; for one request to an entry of transfer of multiple registrations under same conditions in the Register, the fee is calculated from each registration;6. for an entry of a creation of a pledge, the fee is NT,000;7. for an entry of an extinguishment of a pledge, the fee is NT,000;8. for filing an opposition, the fee is NT,000 per class;9. for filing an invalidation, the fee is NT,000 per class;10. for filing a revocation, the fee is NT,000 per class;11. for a request to intervene in an opposition, invalidation or revocation, the fee is NT,000;12. for a request to issue a certified copy of a document, the fee is NT00;13. for a request to review official files of a case, the fee is NT00. Article 7
For a request to issue a replacement registration certificate or re-issue a registration certificate of a registration, the fee is NT00. Article 8
These Standards are enforced on July 1, 2012. 
