Article 1
These standards are set forth in accordance with the second paragraph of Article 10 of Act Governing Food Sanitation. Article 2
Unless otherwise stipulated by law, the construction of buildings and equipment of the food factories shall be made in accordance with the regulations of these standards. Article 3
The food factories prescribed by these standards refer to factories that should apply for factory registration. Article 4
The construction of food factories should conform to the regulations prescribed in Chapter 2; and the following specialized food factories should conform to regulations prescribed in Chapter 3. The relevant regulations for specialized food factories:(1) Canned food factories(2) Frozen food factories(3) Candied fruit factories(4) Beverage factories(5) Soy sauce factories(6) Dairy product factories(7) Monosodium glutamate (MSG) factories(8) Edible oil factories(9) Dehydrated vegetable and fruit factories(10) Lunch box food factories(11) Instant noodle factories(12) Food additive factories(Except monosodium glutamate factories)The classifications of the preceding specialized factories are made in accordance with Taiwan’s Standard Occupational Classification and Industrial Category and Classification, Ministry of Economic Affairs. Article 5
The environment of food factories should conform to the following regulations:1. The factory premises should be constructed with unobstructed gutters, the open space paved with concrete, asphalt or green covering and free from flying dust. The environment should be kept clean always with the ground being swept regularly to maintain cleanliness.2. The drainage system should be cleaned up regularly to keep it unobstructed and free from foul smell.3. Livestock, pets, etc., should be kept under control and appropriate measures should be taken to avoid contaminating the food, and the staff dormitories should be completely isolated from the operating site and be constructed with separate entrance doors.4. Effective vector control measures should be implemented. Article 6
The food factories should include an office, raw material preparation site, processing or dressing site, inspection room or laboratory, packaging room, warehouse, electrical room, boiler room, maintenance room, changing rooms, hand washing and sterilizing room, restaurant, staff rest rooms, staff dormitories and toilets, etc. For sites with different applications and cleanliness requirements, they should be constructed individually or isolated effectively and managed, and their buildings should conform to the following regulations:1. Walls and pillars: The walls and pillars of raw material preparation sites, processing, dressing and other buildings should be in white or light-colored, the section at least one meter above the ground should be paved with non-absorbent, water impermeable and easily-washable material, and its surface should be smooth with no cracks, kept clean regularly and should not be able to gather filth, corrosion and other phenomena.2. Floor: The building’s surface of raw material preparation, processing, dressing and indoor packaging sites should be paved with non-absorbent, water impermeable, acid/alkali resistant and wear resistant material. The floor should feature an appropriate drainage gradient and water discharge system to avoid water accumulation.3. Floor slab or ceiling: It should be in white or light-colored to ease cleaning, constructed to avoid dust accumulation, and should not be able to generate mildew or filth, peel off and other phenomena. Condensation is not allowed on the floor slab or ceiling directly above the exposed food, and it should be kept clean and maintained in good condition.4. Light: Except for warehouses, all other buildings of food factories should be able to get adequate light; the work table or dressing table should maintain more than 200m of candlelight, and the machinery and equipment table should maintain more than 100m of candlelight. The light source used should not be able to change the color of food, and the lighting fixtures should be kept clean to avoid food contamination.5. Ventilation: The factory buildings should be well-ventilated, and installed with fans, exhaust fans and other effective ventilation equipment if necessary. The air vents should be equipped with facilities to prevent the intrusion of disease vectors. Any confined processing room or packaging room should be installed with air conditioning facilities.6. Entrances, doors, windows and other channels: They should be made of durable non-absorbent, easily-washable, water impermeable and durable materials, and equipped with facilities to prevent the intrusion of disease vectors.7. Water drainage system: There should be a complete unobstructed water drainage system and the gutters equipped with intercepting facilities to intercept solid wastes, and the exit equipped with facilities to prevent the intrusion of disease vectors.8. Warehouse: The raw material warehouse and finished product warehouse should be constructed separately or independently, the floor at warehouse interior higher than warehouse exterior, and constructed with water impermeable material, and the warehouse interior prepared with sufficient pallets to cope with inventory and production operation needs.9. Toilet:(1) The toilet construction site should be prevented from contaminating the water source.(2) The toilet entrance should not face directly towards the food processing site, but such restriction does not apply if it is constructed with a buffer facility to control airflow effectively and to prevent contamination.(3) It should be equipped with ventilation, day lighting, anti-pest, anti-rodent and other facilities, as well as running tap water, detergent, hand washing and drying facilities with hand dryers or paper towels, and trash bins.(4) It should be installed with a sign to remind users to wash their hands after visiting the toilet.10. Changing room: There is a need for food factories, depending on requirements, to construct changing rooms at appropriate locations adjacent to the processing/dressing site but isolated from the food processing site. Men's and women's rooms should be separated, and equipped with mirrors, dust cleaning equipment, and sufficient personal lockers, shoe cabinets, etc.11. Hand sterilizing room: There is a need for food factories, depending on requirements, to set up a hand sterilizing room. It should be adjacent to the processing/dressing or indoor packaging room, and installed with sufficient hand washing and drying facilities. The hand washing facility should conform to the regulations prescribed in the eighth subparagraph, the first paragraph of Article 7.12. Disease vector control: There should be no sign of disease vectors or traces of their appearance. Article 7
The food factory equipment, appliances, water and ice should conform to the following regulations:1. The containers, utensils and relevant food manufacturing equipment that would possibly come in contact with food during the production process should not be made of lead, copper or toxic chemical materials.2. All kinds of food manufacturing equipment should be arranged systematically, and kept with an appropriate distance and have an adequate operating space. The containers, machinery and appliances should have clean and hygienic storage places.3. The food factories should provide sufficient overalls, hats, hair nets, gloves and other outfits for operating staff.4. The entrance or the appropriate location of the raw material preparation site, processing or dressing site, toilets, hand sterilizing room, staff rest rooms, restaurants and other places should be installed with washstands and sufficient faucets for staff to wash. Their hands. The minimum quantity cannot be lower than one-tenth of the maximum workforce of that work site. When the workforce exceeds 200 persons, the minimum quantity should be one-twentieth. The exterior and interior of washstands should be constructed of easily-washable and water impermeable materials.5. The water used directly by food factories in food production and ice making should conform to drinking water standards, and those not using tap water should set up water purification or sterilizing facilities. Food factories using groundwater sources should keep a distance of more than 15 meters away from the cesspool, waste disposal or other contaminated sources. The water reservoir (water collector) of food factories should be constructed of water impermeable material, and its location should be kept with a distance of more than 3 meters from the filthy site or cesspool.6. Food factories are prohibited from using polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) or chemical substances containing PCB, and any toxic materials as the heating medium.7. The drinking water and non-drinking water piping system should be kept completely separate, and the outlets clearly differentiated.8. The hand washing facility should conform to the following regulations:(1) Construct the hand washing and drying equipment at appropriate sites; the quantity should be sufficient, and they should possess running tap water, detergent, hand dryers or paper towels. If necessary, it should be set up with appropriate sterilizing facilities.(2) The hand washing and sterilizing facility design should be able to prevent the already cleaned up hands from recontamination while using them, and hung up with simple and easy understandable hand washing instructions at an obvious spot. Article 8
A food factory should be equipped with the other following facilities and equipment:1.The hand washing and sterilizing room, raw material preparation site, processing or dressing site and packaging room should be equipped with waterproof trash bins in sufficient number. The factory premises should be set up a separate facility to store solid wastes.2.Toxic chemicals, radioactive materials, harmful microorganisms and spoiled products which directly create health hazard to human beings shall be stored at specific locations.3.Food manufacturing develops an objectionable odor during processing such as waste and foul-smelling gas, it must have properly treatment before discharge. Article 9
The canned food factories should posses the following production and inspection equipment:1. Production equipment:(1) Boiler: The boiler room should be isolated from the processing site, and the fuel. Stored in a specified fixed place.(2) Raw material washing equipment(3) Blanching equipment (equipped with cooler)(4) Dressing table and dressing tools(5) Degassing equipment: For products that need vacuuming, degassing equipment is needed to generate a vacuum in the can (bottle), such as degassing tank, vacuum capping machine, etc.(6) Capping equipment: The capping equipment should be able to ensure safety cap sealing and the type used should be able to conform to product needs.(7) Disinfection equipment(8) Cleaning and sterilizing equipment(9) Post-disinfection cooling equipment(10) Filling solution preparation equipment(11) Batch number and date labeling equipment(12) Empty can (bottle) spray washing equipment: Should be equipped with a hot water or steam spray washing machine for the empty cans (bottles) (essential for canned food factories using metal cans or glass bottles in filling).(13) Freezer (refrigerator): There is a need to install a freezer (refrigerator) depending on raw material storage needs. The freezer should be able to maintain the product temperature below -18℃, and the refrigerator, at below 7℃ and above the freezing point.(14) In-process vacuum leak detector or vacuum probe.2. Inspection equipment:(1) Constant temperature incubator(2) Fixed can opener(3) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(4) Can vacuum tester and pressure resistance tester (essential for metal canned food factories)(5) Thermometer(6) Glucose meter(7) Residual chlorine analyzer(8) pH meter(9) Closed volume micrometer (essential for metal canned food factories)(10) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(11) Water supply device and washing equipment(12) Measuring device for residual air in bag (essential for retort pouch canned food factories)(13) Compressive strength measuring device (essential for retort pouch canned food factories)(14) Can leak detection device (essential for metal canned food factories)(15) Point micrometer (essential for metal canned food factories) Article 10
The basic facilities, production equipment, inspection equipment and safety measures for frozen food factories1. Basic facilities:(1) Raw material preparation site: The raw material preparation site should be adjoined with processing/dressing site and connected with raw material delivery port. The raw material preparation site of frozen food factories should have a pre-cooling room equipped with hanging equipment and thermometer, and the indoor temperature is to be between zero and 5℃.(2) Processing/dressing site: It should be adjacent to the freezing room, and the premises equipped with dressing table and automatic dressing table, cold/hot water pipes and faucets. If it is making prepared food, it should be set up with a processing room with good ventilation equipment.(3) Freezing room: The room temperature should be below -40℃ and equipped with automatic temperature recording device. Factories equipped with rapid freezing equipment can be exempted from setting the freezing room.(4) Indoor packaging room: For factories making pre-frozen heat-treated food, or post-thawing raw food, they should be set up with independent indoor packaging room.(5) Cold storage room: The temperature of the cold storage room after being fully packed should be maintained at below -20℃ and equipped with automatic temperature recording device. The interior should be prepared with sufficient number of pallets or racks.(6) Changing rooms: The changing room should be constructed at appropriate locations adjacent to the processing/dressing room but isolated from the food processing site. Men’s and women’s rooms should be separated and the premises equipped with mirrors, dust cleaning equipment and sufficient personal lockers and shoe cabinets. The changing rooms should be adjacent to the hand sterilizing room.(7) Hand sterilizing room: It should be adjacent to processing/dressing room or indoor packaging room, and the premises equipped with shoe cleaning pool (can be exempted for frozen dough and frozen bread factories), and have sufficient hand washing and drying equipment. Liquid detergent should be available near the hand washing equipment. If necessary, there is a need to set up hand sterilizing equipment (as the hands might contaminate the food if they are not sterilized). Hand dryers or paper towels should be adopted for the hand drying equipment.(8) Frozen foods are divided into four types, namely frozen vegetables and fruits, aquatic products, and meat and prepared foods (including frozen dough and egg products). They should have independent processing site and equipment and should not mix using them simultaneously. The dressing and packaging sites of factories making frozen aquatic products-cum-frozen roasted eels should be set up separately. For factories making frozen vegetables and fruits, aquatic products or meat, as these are their major ingredients, the raw material preparation site can be shared at the same time while preparing the prepared foods.(9) Metal detector:2. Production equipment:(1) Raw material washing equipment (can be exempted for frozen prepared food factories)(2) Blanching and cooling equipment (essential for frozen vegetables and fruit factories)(3) Automatic eel roasting machine (essential for frozen roasted eel factories)(4) Warm outfits and hats(5) Cold storage vehicle: If it is available, the temperature of the food should be maintained at below -18℃.(6) Cleaning and sterilizing equipment(7) Rapid freezing equipment3. Inspection equipment:(1) Residual chlorine analyzer (can be exempted for frozen dough and frozen bread factories)(2) Microbiological testing equipment(3) Product temperature testing instrument(4) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg)(5) Sampling drill and needle detector (essential for frozen aquatic products and frozen meat processing factories)(6) Oxidase detection device, pH meter, glucose meter (essential for frozen vegetable and fruit factories)(7) Drug residue detection device (essential for frozen roasted eel and frozen meat processing factories)(8) Volatile basic nitrogen (VBN) determination device (essential for frozen meat and frozen aquatic product factories)(9) Crude fat quantitative determination device (can be exempted for frozen vegetable and fruit factories)(10) Histamine quantitative determination device (essential for frozen aquatic product factories)4. Safety facilities:(1) Operation indicator lamp: Installed outside the freezing room and refrigeration room.(2) Security alarm: It should be installed at the freezing room or other appropriate locations, and the switch installed in the freezing room or refrigeration room for operator to use it in emergency. Article 11
Basic facilities and inspection equipment for candied fruit factories1. Basic facilities:(1) Raw material preparation site should be isolated from processing and packaging sites, and its floor constructed of cement or water impermeable material.(2) If the processing and packaging sites are confined spaces, they should be equipped with air conditioning equipment. Factories not manufacturing candied fruits can be exempted from setting up a specialized packaging room.(3) The pickled pool should be a covered facility, and the pickled tank or barrels should be set up indoors and equipped with covers.(4) If a drying field is needed in drying, it should be constructed of cement or other water impermeable materials.(5) Double-walled steamers, soup cooking barrels, candied tanks or barrels, paddles, plates, knives, forks and other utensils should be made of stainless steel. These can be exempted for factories not manufacturing candied fruits.2. Inspection equipment:(1) Residual chlorine analyzer(2) Glucose meter or glucose refractometer (can be exempted for factories not manufacturing candied fruits)(3) Salinity meter(4) Sulfur dioxide quantitative determination device (can be exempted for pickled factories not using sulfur dioxide)(5) Mercury thermometer(6) PH meter or litmus paper(7) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg)(8) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(9) Microscope (can be exempted for factories not manufacturing candied fruits) Article 12
Basic facilities, production and inspection equipment for beverage factoriesI. Basic facilities:(1) Raw materials storage yard: Essential for fruit juice factories.(2) Container storage yard: Bottled drink factories should be equipped with an empty container storage yard. Packaged or canned drink factories should be equipped with an empty box or empty can storage yard.(3) Container washing and sterilizing equipment: Bottled drink factories should be equipped with soda bottle dip tank, washing tank, bottle cleaning machine and pressurized spray sterilizing equipment. For factories not using the preceding equipment for streamlined production, their manufacturing site should be isolated from the processing site. Canned drink factories should be equipped with empty can washing equipment.(4) The water source environment of the mineral water (packaged) and packaged drinking water factories should conform to drinking water management provisions.II. Production equipment:(1) General beverage manufacturing equipment:1. Water reservoir: Its capacity should be sufficient to meet daily processing needs.2. Stainless steel blender and stainless steel tank (excluding packaged water and mineral water factories)3. Bottled water inspection equipment, dip tank and lighting fluoroscopy unit, etc.4. Bottled drink automatic filling and capping machines5. Canned drink power cap sealing machine6. Carbonated mixer (essential for carbonated drink factories)7. Disinfection or bacterial filtration equipment: Apart from using physical method to filter the bacteria, mineral water factories are not allowed to use other methods such as chlorine sterilizing.8. Freezer (essential for carbonated drink factories)(2) Production equipment for fruit and vegetable juice factories:1. Washing tank or rotary washing machine2. Crusher3. Juicer (can be exempted for factories using fruit juice concentrate as the raw material)4. Fine filter, centrifuge or homogenizer5. Disinfection equipment6. Cooling equipment7. Bottled fruit or vegetable juice factories should be equipped with equipment 2, 3, 4 and 5 stated in the preceding item.III. Inspection equipment:(1) Microscope: Magnification should be higher than 1500X(2) Microbiological testing equipment(3) Constant temperature incubator(4) pH meter(5) Glucose meter or glucose refract meter (excluding packaged drink and mineral water factories)(6) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(7) Residual chlorine analyzer(8) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(9) Centrifugal separator and vacuum tester (essential for packaged drink and mineral water factories)(10) Pressure detector (essential for soft drink factories)(11) Turbidity and color determination equipment (essential for packaged water and mineral water) Article 13
Production and inspection equipment for soy sauce factories1. Production equipment:(1) Raw material sorting equipment (can be exempted for factories using pre-screened raw materials)(2) Steam cooker(3) Wheat frying equipment (can be exempted for factories not using wheat additive)(4) Blender(5) Koji making equipment(6) Salt dissolving equipment(7) Fermentation equipment(8) Compressing equipment(9) Filtering equipment(10) Settling tank(11) Disinfection equipment(12) Water cleaning equipment (essential for bottled soy sauce factories)(13) Filling equipment (including capping machine)2. Inspection equipment:(1) pH meter(2) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(3) Microscope(4) Sterile room or sterile container(5) Total nitrogen measuring device(6) Amino nitrogen determination equipment(7) Salt detector and analyzer(8) Moisture detector(9) pH testing equipment(10) Incubator(11) Oven(12) Residual chlorine analyzer(13) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(14) Color analyzer Article 14
Basic facilities, production and inspection equipment for dairy product factoriesI. Basic facilities(1) Changing rooms and hand sterilizing room: Changing rooms and hand sterilizing room should be constructed adjacent to the processing site, and have a connecting door between the hand sterilizing room and processing site. Men’s and women’s rooms should be separated, and the premises equipped with hangers for work outfits and hats, closets, shoe racks, washstand and sterilizing box or trough, brushes, liquid detergent, disinfectant, towels and towel racks, glove racks, shoe cleaning slots, fixed shoe cleaning pool, etc. The size of changing rooms and hand sterilizing room is constructed according to needs.(2) Milk storage, processing, repacking, dressing and other treatments of dairy product factories should be done within the factories. All processing equipment must meet excellent sanitation conditions; the flowing channels of milk emulsion and powered milk, and the equipment that the milk emulsion or powered milk gets in touch with, should be made of stainless steel with smooth interior walls that are free from pinholes, right angles and slits.(3) The dairy product factories should possess cooling water supply (or other cooling fluid) equipment and should be isolated from the processing/dressing site (excluding powered milk blending).(4) Milk collection and milk storage equipment (excluding dairy products made from raw milk as the raw material): Weighing tank, milk collection tank, milk barrel washing and disinfection equipment, milk pump, filter or impurity centrifugal machine, milk cooling equipment, milk storage tank with cooling effect, a set of raw milk inspection equipment (including alcohol testing, dust detector, sampling equipment, etc.), cold storage vehicles.II. Production equipment:(1) Fresh milk and flavored milk processing factories should possess the following equipment:1. Milk pump2. Homogenizer3. Milk fat separator4. Bottle washing machine (including disinfection equipment), bottle filling machine or automatic paper packing machine5. Low-temperature (below 7°C and above freezing point) storage room for finished products (excluding enduring milk)(2) Concentrated milk (milk and condensed milk) production should possess the following equipment:1. Homogenizer2. Pre-heat equipment3. Enrichment equipment4. Cooling equipment5. Blending and processing equipment6. Milk pump7. Empty can washing and disinfection equipment.8. Milk and condensed milk automatic filling and sealing machines(3) Powered milk manufacturing should possess the following equipment:1. Milk pump2. Milk fat separator3. Homogenizer4. Milk storage tank5. Milk emulsion pre-heat equipment6. Enrichment equipment7. Milk powder making machine8. Powder collection and processing equipment9. Powdered milk storage tank10. Additive mixer11. Empty can disinfection and cleaning equipment12. Automatic powered milk filling and sealing equipment(4) Fermentation milk production should possess the following equipment:1. Milk pump2. Milk fat separator3. Broth blending tank4. Fermenter5. Homogenizer6. Dilution blending equipment7. Bottle washing and filling machines, paper packing machine or other container packing machine8. Bacteria culture room and R&D room9. Low-temperature storage room for finished products (below 7℃ and above freezing point)(5) Powdered milk blending should possess the following equipment:1. Air-conditioning equipment (essential for blending and packaging sites)2. Vacuum cleaner3. Nitrogen filling equipment4. Weight inspection machine5. Metal detector6. Empty can disinfection and cleaning equipment7. Powered milk automatic filling and sealing equipment8. Weighing equipment10. Screening machine11. Powder storage tank(6) Other essential and specialized production equipment for dairy product manufacturing.III. Inspection equipment:(1) Barrel-packed raw milk sampler (excluding powdered milk blending)(2) Acidic titration device and burette(3) Raw milk densometer (excluding powered milk blending)(4) Thermometer(5) Dryer for detecting moisture(6) Test bottle and centrifuge for determination of milk fat(7) Sediment checker (in vacuum type, pressure type or attraction type)(8) Bacteria count equipment1. Dry heat sterilizer and high-pressure autoclave2. Refrigerator3. Constant temperature water bath (for methylene blue reduction test)4. Flat-bottom culture dishes5. Dilution bottles6. Incubator7. Colony counter8. Microscope9. Oven or drying board10. Capillary tubes(9) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(10) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(11) Residual chlorine analyzer(12) Residual chlorine analyzer (essential for powered milk blending or manufacturing)(13) Antibiotic residue inspection equipment and somatic cell count equipment Article 15
Basic facilities and inspection equipment for monosodium glutamate (MSG) factories1. Basic facilities:(1) They should possess a full set of integrated operation from basic raw materials until crystallization of MSG (including raw material preparation site, fermentation plant, glutamine acid plant, refining plant, packaging room, etc,).(2) The intermediate product discharged from crystallization cans should be processed completely using confined coherent equipment including dewatering machine, conveyor, dryer, screening machine, etc.(3) Microbial culture room and equipment.(4)The packaging room should conform to relevant regulations prescribed in Article 6 of these standards, and come with hand washing equipment.2. Inspection equipment:(1) Residual chlorine analyzer(2) Warburg glutamic acid pressure detection apparatus(3) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(4) pH meter(5) Microscope(6) Total nitrogen detection equipment(7) Amino nitrogen measuring device(8) Moisture detector(9) Incubator(10) Oven(11) Photoelectric colorimeter(12) Granularity screening machine(13) Biomass measuring device(14) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(15) Microbiological testing equipment Article 16
Basic facilities, production and inspection equipment for edible oil factoriesI. Basic facilities:(1) Oil solvent extraction factories should construct solvent storage tanks and their storage site, and be equipped with anti-explosion devices, fire extinguishers, fire-fighting equipment and fire-fighting sand, etc.(2) Indoor packaging room: Factories producing small packages (less than 3 kg packs) of products should construct independent indoor packaging room equipped with screen windows, screen doors or air curtains, ceiling, air filter and disinfection devices.(3) Animal fat factories should construct cold storage warehouse of temperature below the zero point.(4) All edible oil storage tanks, including raw material and finished product storage tanks, should be made of stainless steel.II. Production equipment:(Ⅰ) The equipment required for soybean oil factories:1. The equipment required for crude oil refineries:(1) Screening machine(2) Dryer(3) Crusher(4) Flattening machine(5) Baking machine(6) Oil extraction machine (built in with Miscella distiller, desolventizer for defatted meal, solvent vapor collector)2. The equipment required for refined oil manufacturing:(1) The equipment required for first grade soybean oil factories:Deacidification machineWashing machineCentrifugeBleaching equipmentPressure filterVacuum pumpPre-heat tankDeodorizing equipmentCooling tank(2) The equipment required for soybean oil factories: In addition to equipment for making first grade soybean oil, other equipment needed includes freezer, dew axing equipment and nitrogen filling equipment.(II) The equipment required for animal fat factories: The required equipment for hot fried soybean refineries:(1) Slicing (shredding) machine.(2) Frying pan.(3) Hydraulic machine.(4) Cooling tank.The equipment required for refined animal fat factories: Same as the various equipment required for first grade soybean factories.(III) The equipment required for margarine and shortening oil factories:The equipment required for integrated production of margarine, shortening oil factories:(1) Same as the various equipment required for first grade soybean factories(2) Emulsifying tank (indirect heating manner)(3) Disinfection tank (indirect heating manner)(4) Rapid cold quenching machine (built in with freezer)(5) QuantifierThe equipment required for processing factories using refined oil as the raw material: Similar to various equipment for integrated production of margarine and shortening oil.III. Inspection equipment:(I) The inspection equipment for crude oil refineries: Instruments capable of testing acid value, moisture, impurities, etc. In addition to apparatuses and chemicals, other equipment needed is weighing scale, oven and dryer.(II) The equipment for refined oil refineries: In addition to inspection equipment for crude oil refineries, other equipment needed are those capable of testing saponification value, unsaponification value, iodine value, peroxide value, refractive index, cooling test and color, etc.,listed as follows:(1) Hydrometer (bottle)(2) Refract meter(3) Moisture detector(4) Color measuring device(5) pH meter(6) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg and 0.1g)(7) Incubator(8) Oven(9) Active oxygen method (A.O.M.) measuring device(III) The solvent oil extraction plants should possess solvent residue detection device.(IV) The inspection equipment for margarine and shortening oil factories:In addition to inspection equipment for refined oil refineries, the integrated production of margarine and shortening oil should also possess equipment capable of measuring melting point, freezing point, E. coli, bacteria, saponification value, etc. The main equipment are listed as follows:(1) Bacterial culture and testing equipment(2) Sterile room or sterile container(3) Melting point, freezing point detection deviceThe equipment required for processing factories using refined oil as the raw material: In addition to inspection equipment similar to crude oil refineries mentioned in the first item of this Article, and the inspection equipment (1) to (3) for integrated production of margarine and shortening oil mentioned in the fourth item of this Article, they are also required to possess glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis. Article 17
Production and inspection equipment for dehydrated vegetable and fruit factoriesI. Production equipment(I) Equipment for dehydrated vegetable factories:1. Washing machine2. Blanching machine3. Head and tail cutting machine4. Slitting or slicing machine5. Hot-air or freeze-drying equipment6. Powder grinding machine (essential for powder making factories)7. Packaging equipment(II) Equipment for dehydrated fruit factories:1. Peeling machine2. Decoring device3. Batch candied equipment or continuous candied equipment4. Washing machine5. Corning cutting machine6. Powder grinding machine (essential for powder making factories)7. Slicer8. Blanching machine9. Hot-air or freeze-drying equipment10. Packaging equipmentFactories not manufacturing pineapple slices can be exempted from setting the preceding 1 to 3 equipment.II. Inspection equipment:(1) Residual chlorine analyzer(2) Glucose meter and glucose refract meter (can be exempted for factories not manufacturing dehydrated fruits)(3) Mercury thermometer(4 ) pH meter(5) Moisture detector(6) Ash measuring device (essential for powder making factories)(7) Glass apparatuses for general chemical analysis(8) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg)(9) Magnifying glass(10) Oven Article 18
The basic facilities, production equipment and inspection equipment for lunch box food factories (suitable for lunch box production factories that offer the prepared package in boxes or in bulk-packed containers for mass consumption)I. Basic facilities:(1) Raw material preparation site(2) Processing/dressing site(3) Freezer, refrigerator: The freezer temperature should be below -18℃, and the refrigerator temperature below 7℃ and above freezing point.(4) Packaging site: The meal distribution and packaging of the products should be done using an independent or specialized site and equipment.(5) Changing rooms: The changing rooms should be set up adjacent to the processing/dressing room and have a connecting door to the processing/dressing site. Men’s and women’s rooms should be separated, and the premises equipped with mirrors, dust cleaning equipment and sufficient personal lockets and shoe cabinets. The changing rooms should be adjacent to the hand sterilizing room.(6) Hand sterilizing room: It should be adjacent to the processing/dressing room and packaging room, and the premises equipped with shoe cleaning pool, and has sufficient hand washing and drying equipment.Liquid detergent and hand sterilizing equipment should be available near the hand washing equipment. Hand dryers or paper towels should be adopted for the hand drying equipment.(7) Lunch box washing and disinfection equipment: Essential for lunch box recycling factories.II. Production equipment:(1) Rice washing, cooking and other staple food processing equipment(2) Specialized vegetable and meat cutting tools(3) Frying, cooking, stir frying, deep frying and other food processing equipment(4) Conveyor belt or stainless steel dressing table(5) Transportation vehicles(6) Food container washing and sterilizing equipment(7) Knife and cutting board storage cabinet (built-in with UV disinfection lamp)(8) Steam or pressurized washing pistol(9) The machines or equipment that would generate steam, hot air, fumes or frying oil while treating with the heating oil in the processing/dressing site should be installed with exhaust hood devices.(10) The packaging site should be installed with filter or ventilation facilities.(11) The finished products should be delivered by appropriate transportation equipment or specialized vehicles.III. Inspection equipment:(1) Microbiological inspection equipment:1. Microscope (magnification higher than 1,000X)2. Aseptic box3. Constant temperature incubator4. High-pressure autoclave5. Dry heat sterilizer6. Water bath7. Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg)8. PH meter9. Essential apparatus for microbiological inspection10. Culture medium and chemicals(2) General quality inspection equipment (stainless steel probe thermometer for detecting internal temperature, residual chlorine detection equipment, etc.). Article 19
Production equipment and inspection equipment for instant noodle factories1. Production equipment:(1) Boiler(2) Noodle manufacturing equipment(3) Cooker(4) Continuous deep frying equipment or noodle steaming and drying machines(5) Cooling equipment(6) Packaging equipment(7) Metal detector2. Inspection equipment:(1) Moisture detector(2) Weighing scale (sensitivity below 1mg)(3) Crude fat determination equipment Article 19-1
(4) Oil nature inspection equipment (moisture content, acid value, peroxide value, iodine value, etc.)The basic facilities and the production and inspection equipment of the operating site of a food additive factory should meet the following requirements:1. Basic facilities:(1)Warehouse: The warehouse should have segregated sections classified according to the properties of the raw materials, semi-products and end products for storage; moreover, where circumstances shall require, the warehouse should be equipped with the refrigerator (freezer).(2) Design of machinery and equipment: The design and structure of the machinery and equipment used for production of food additives should prevent hazards from deteriorating the quality and hygiene of food additives and should permit easy cleaning, sterilization and inspection. Moreover, the structural design should safeguard products against contamination of lubricants, metal filings, wastewater, or other contaminants. The equipment designed for solvent extraction or powder production should be equipped with appropriate safeguards to avoid hazardous substance leakage or dust explosion.(3)Materials of machinery and equipment:The equipment and utensils used in the food additive processing section or likely to have contact with food additives should be made of materials incapable of producing or dissolving and generating toxins and bad or unpleasant odors; moreover, materials should be non-absorbent and corrosion-resistant and capable of withstanding repeated washing and sterilization procedures. The use of materials which produce contact corrosion shall also be avoided.2.Production equipment: A food additive factory should be equipped with the following production equipment:(1) crusher;(2) screening machine;(3) mixer;(4) dryer or oven;(5) mist sprayer, air blower, and drying equipment;(6) powder collection and processing equipment;(7) stirring and blending equipment;(8) filtering equipment;(9) heating reactors;(10) concentration equipment;(11) electrolysis device;(12) dissolving equipment;(13) storage device;(14) filling equipment.3.Inspection equipment: A food additive factory should be equipped with the following inspection equipment:(1) glass apparatus for general chemical analysis;(2) weighing scale (sensitivity below 1 mg);(3) pH meter;(4) moisture detector;(5) additional inspection equipment to be installed upon requirement of procedures:a. photoelectric colorimeter;b. gas chromatography;c. liquid chromatography;d. spectrophotometer;e. microbiological testing equipment;f. hydrometer;g. atomic absorption spectrophotometer;h. turbidimeter;i. electrical conductivity meter;j. polarimeter;k. refractometer.It is imperative that no residues of catalysts, solvents, or chemical substances other than food additives used in the production process are contained in the end product of the final production process.Where the range of products produced in the operating site of the food additive factory as defined in Paragraph 1 should include food additives, chemical raw materials, and chemical products, the production process or the operating sites and equipment should be effectively segregated or isolated to avert cross-contamination. The term isolation herein refers to the presence of concrete dividers or barriers separating the different operating sites; whereas the term segregation refers to the employment of concrete or intangible measures to segregate facilities through any one or several of the following means:1. separation of operating sites;2. separation of production time;3. airflow direction control;4. employment of closed systems;5. other effective meas. Article 20
These standards shall be implemented from the date of promulgation. 
