1 Moreover the word of the Lord came to me, saying, 2 "And you, son of man, thus says the Lord God to the land of Israel: 'An end! The end has come upon the four corners of the land.3 Now the end has come upon you, And I will send My anger against you; I will judge you according to your ways, And I will repay you for all your abominations.4 My eye will not spare you, Nor will I have pity; But I will repay your ways, And your abominations will be in your midst; Then you shall know that I am the Lord !'5 "Thus says the Lord God : 'A disaster, a singular disaster; Behold, it has come!6 An end has come, The end has come; It has dawned for you; Behold, it has come!7 Doom has come to you, you who dwell in the land; The time has come, A day of trouble is near, And not of rejoicing in the mountains.8 Now upon you I will soon pour out My fury, And spend My anger upon you; I will judge you according to your ways, And I will repay you for all your abominations.9 'My eye will not spare, Nor will I have pity; I will repay you according to your ways, And your abominations will be in your midst. Then you shall know that I am the Lord who strikes.10 'Behold, the day! Behold, it has come! Doom has gone out; The rod has blossomed, Pride has budded.11 Violence has risen up into a rod of wickedness; None of them shall remain, None of their multitude, None of them; Nor shall there be wailing for them.12 The time has come, The day draws near. 'Let not the buyer rejoice, Nor the seller mourn, For wrath is on their whole multitude.13 For the seller shall not return to what has been sold, Though he may still be alive; For the vision concerns the whole multitude, And it shall not turn back; No one will strengthen himself Who lives in iniquity.14 'They have blown the trumpet and made everyone ready, But no one goes to battle; For My wrath is on all their multitude.15 The sword is outside, And the pestilence and famine within. Whoever is in the field Will die by the sword; And whoever is in the city, Famine and pestilence will devour him.16 'Those who survive will escape and be on the mountains Like doves of the valleys, All of them mourning, Each for his iniquity.17 Every hand will be feeble, And every knee will be as weak as water.18 They will also be girded with sackcloth; Horror will cover them; Shame will be on every face, Baldness on all their heads.19 'They will throw their silver into the streets, And their gold will be like refuse; Their silver and their gold will not be able to deliver them In the day of the wrath of the Lord ; They will not satisfy their souls, Nor fill their stomachs, Because it became their stumbling block of iniquity.20 'As for the beauty of his ornaments, He set it in majesty; But they made from it The images of their abominations- Their detestable things; Therefore I have made it Like refuse to them.21 I will give it as plunder Into the hands of strangers, And to the wicked of the earth as spoil; And they shall defile it.22 I will turn My face from them, And they will defile My secret place; For robbers shall enter it and defile it.23 'Make a chain, For the land is filled with crimes of blood, And the city is full of violence.24 Therefore I will bring the worst of the Gentiles, And they will possess their houses; I will cause the pomp of the strong to cease, And their holy places shall be defiled.25 Destruction comes; They will seek peace, but there shall be none.26 Disaster will come upon disaster, And rumor will be upon rumor. Then they will seek a vision from a prophet; But the law will perish from the priest, And counsel from the elders.27 'The king will mourn, The prince will be clothed with desolation, And the hands of the common people will tremble. I will do to them according to their way, And according to what they deserve I will judge them; Then they shall know that I am the Lord !' "
