Article 1
This Act is enacted for the establishment of the Central News Agency (hereafter called CNA ) to provide news services to domestic mass media outlets, expand coverage of international news, promote international news exchanges, and handle the transmission of national news. Article 2
CNA is a non-profit corporation, founded with NT0 million donated by the central government in accordance with this Act. Matters not provided for in this Act shall be governed by other relevant laws and regulations. Article 3
The tasks of CNA are as follows:1.To report domestic and foreign news events and serve mass media outlets2.To transmit news to the outside world for the country and promote the international community’s understanding of the country3.To strengthen cooperation with international news agencies and promote international news exchanges Article 4
The sources of CNA’s funding are as follows:1.Grants provided from the central government’s budget2.Donations from public and private domestic and foreign institutions, groups and individuals3.Income from services provided4.Other income Article 4-1
The state property used by CNA’s forerunner, Central News Agency Ltd. Co., may continue to be used by CNA. The renovation or expansion of this property is subject to government approval. Article 5
CNA’s board should have nine to 15 directors, with one of them the chairman. These directors should all be selected by the premier from among the following persons:1.Mass media experts and scholars2.Mass media workers3.People seen as impartial by societyNo more than half of the board’s directors can be members of any single political party. Article 6
CNA should have a board of supervisors consisting of three to five supervisors, with one of them the standing supervisor. These supervisors should all be selected by the premier from among the following types of people:1.Mass media experts and scholars2.Mass media workers3.People seen as impartial by societyNo more than half of these supervisors can be members of any single political party. Article 7
Directors and supervisors serve three-year terms that can be renewed once. But the number of directors or supervisors whose terms are renewed cannot exceed half of the total number of directors or supervisors.If directors and supervisors are unable to carry out their duties because of their resignation or death or other reasons, their position will be considered vacated. The resulting opening is to be filled by a person selected by the premier according to the provisions of the two previous articles.The term of the new director or supervisor shall last until the term of the person they replaced expires. Article 8
Except for the board chairman and standing supervisor, directors and supervisors shall not be remunerated, but they may be given transportation allowances when meetings are held. Article 9
CNA is to have a president who is chosen by the board of directors to manage the agency’s daily operations, and one or two vice presidents who, under the direction of the president, assist with the management of the agency. All of them have renewable three-year terms. Article 10
The organizational structure and staff size of CNA should be approved by the board of directors before being submitted to the competent authority for review and record-keeping. Article 11
CNA’s fiscal year should coincide with the government’s fiscal year. Article 12
Before the beginning of each fiscal year, CNA should prepare its business plan and annual budget for approval by the board of directors. Once approved by the board, they should be submitted to the competent authority to be reviewed in accordance with standard budget procedures. At the end of the fiscal year, a work report and a final accounting of expenditures and revenues should be approved by the board of supervisors and submitted to the competent authority to be handled in accordance with standard auditing procedures. Article 13
CNA’s rules on receiving donations should be drawn up by its board of directors and presented to the competent authority for approval. Article 14
CNA may be disbanded if, owing to changes in circumstances, it is no longer able to meet the purposes for which it was established as stipulated in this Act. After being disbanded, it should be liquidated according to the law, with its assets belonging to the national treasury. Article 15
The Act shall take effect on the date of its promulgation. 
