Chapter I General ProvisionsArticle 1　 These Enforcement Rules have been formulated in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 50 of the Radio and Television Act (hereinafter referred to as this Act).Article 1-1　 The minimum paid-in capital or total endowment assets of a privately operated station shall meet the following requirements:1. Television business: NT00 million2. Radio business: For a nationwide radio station, NT00 million; for a regional radio station, NT0 millionThe requirement of minimum paid-in capital or total endowment assets prescribed in Subparagraph 2 of the preceding paragraph may be waived for applications to establish a radio station aimed at serving specific demographic groups or remote areas or at promoting regional development upon the provision of a reasonable explanation. Nonetheless, a radio station organized as a company limited by shares shall conform to the Company Act and other pertinent laws and regulations, while one organized as a foundation shall have a total asset endowment of no less than NT0 million.When a publicly operated station applies for a radio/television operating license, it should submit a certificate for the approved budget and indicate the amount.Article 1-2　 The term “political party worker” in this Act refers to the following persons:1. A person holding a position specified in the charter or organizational framework of a political party, but not those holding consultative positions;2. A supervisor or vice supervisor of a section specified under the charter or organizational framework of a political party and of the branches in special municipalities, counties and cities.Article 1-3　 The term “political appointee” in this Act refers to the following personnel provided for Article 2 of the Political Appointee Termination and Survivor Relief Act:1. A person who is appointed, specially appointed, or specially commissioned by the President in accordance with the Constitution;2. A person who is nominated by the President in accordance with the Constitution and appointed with the consent of National Assembly or Legislative Yuan;3. A person who is appointed by the President upon the recommendation of the Premier in accordance with the Constitution;4. Other persons who hold positions higher than 12th grade of Selected Appointment Rank in central or local government in accordance with the law.Article 1-4　 The term “elected public official” in this Act refers to the following persons:1. President and vice president;2. Legislators;3. Chiefs of local governments of special municipalities, counties (cities) and rural townships (urban townships and cities);4. Councilmen of special municipalities, counties and cities.Chapter II Station EstablishmentArticle 2　 To establish a station or substation, an application for permission, an operating plan, and other documents specified by National Communications Commission (hereinafter referred to as the “NCC”) shall be filed with NCC.See Appendix 1 for the standard application form for a station/ substation and Appendix 2 for the items to be specified in the operating plan thereof.Appendix 1-1：Radio／Television Station Establishment Promoter／Subscriber Roster.docAppendix 1-2：Station Promoter Declaration／Subscriber (Natural Person).docAppendix 1-3：Declaration by Station Promoter／Subscriber (Juridical Person).docAppendix 1-4：Roster of Proposed Managers.docAppendix 1：Standard Radio／Television Station／Substation Establishment Application Form.docAppendix 2：Standard Radio／Television Station／Substation Operating Plan Report.doc
