Article 1
These operation regulations are promulgated according to paragraph 3, Article 7 of the Cable Radio and Television Act (hereinafter referred as “this act”). Article 2
The natural disasters in these operation regulations shall refer to the hazards caused by windstorm, flood, draught, frost and other special weather changes, earthquake, fire, tsunami, volcanic eruption, etc. Article 3
The emergencies in these operation regulations shall refer to riot, war, epidemics, nuclear accidents, significant changes on national fiscal, economic and financial situation and any other urgent affairs related to transportation, health, or public safety. Article 4
The occurrence and elimination of natural disasters and emergencies shall be identified and announced by the respective relevant regulatory agency in charge according to relevant laws and regulations.If the system operator has doubt on whether the natural disaster or emergency has occurred in his or her service area, he or she shall notify the relevant regulatory agency in charge respectively to identify the situation according to the previous paragraph.System operator shall insert the message of warning or emergency announced by the respective relevant regulatory agency in charge truthfully in his or her broadcasting in a timely manner. Article 5
When the regulatory agency in charge is aware of any occurrence of a natural disaster or emergency in its jurisdiction, it shall immediately notify the system operator(s) in that jurisdiction; this shall also apply in the case where the natural disaster or emergency no longer exists. Article 6
In order to prevent the damage or decrease the damage caused by the natural disaster or emergency, the regulatory agency in charge may notify the system operator(s) in its jurisdiction to implement the following measures depending on the situation:1. Stop transmission of programs in all, partial or special channel(s).2. Indicate transmission of special program or message in all, partial or special channel(s).If the notification in previous paragraph does not indicate any specific channel(s), it shall be deemed that the system operator(s) is to stop transmission of all channels or to transmit special programs in all channels. Article 7
After having received the notification of transmission of the message relevant to the natural disaster or emergency from the regulatory agency in charge, the system operator(s) shall insert the transmission of that message truthfully with eye-catching diagrams, electronic effects, subtitles or other significant and effective method. Unless there is further instruction, the transmission of the message shall be inserted at least once every half hour until the reason no longer exists or notification of stopping the transmission of all channels from the regulatory agency in charge. Article 8
When the regulatory agency in charge gives notification of stopping transmission of program(s) or transmission of special program(s) or message according to the last two articles, unless there is further instruction, the system operator(s) shall immediately comply with such notification. Article 9
After having received the notification that the natural disaster or emergency no longer exists from the regulatory agency in charge, the system operator(s) shall immediately recover and continue the transmission. Article 10
These operation regulations shall be effective from the announcement day. 
