Article 1
These regulations are promulgated in accordance with Article 13 and Article 50 of the Radio and Television Act. Article 2
The term broadcast, television enterprise director these regulations refer to pertain to directors, auditors, president, station chief, station director, or branch station chief of a broadcast or television enterprise, or those in a comparable position. Article 3
The term broadcast, television enterprise industry personnel these regulations refer to pertain to personnel other than the broadcast and television enterprise director, referred to in the preceding paragraph, and whose duty is executing the positional duties of personnel. Article 4
Individuals who are found to fall under any one of the following circumstances are prohibited from acting as the broadcast and television enterprise director, as referred to in Article 2:I. An individual who has no, or limited, capacity or who is under guardianship or has been declared as in need of a facilitative treatment.II. An individual who has been convicted of a crime pursuant to the Organized Crime Prevention Act that has been confirmed with a guilty ruling.III. An individual who has formerly been a broadcast or television enterprise director or industry worker and whose positional duties resulted in the broadcast or television license being revoked pursuant to Article 45 of the Radio and Television Act.IV. An individual who has been convicted of a crime relating to the individual’s duty broadcasting or television news work and has been sentenced to an imprisonment term of five years or more.V. An individual who has been convicted of corruption and has been sentenced to an imprisonment term that has been executed in full, or has yet exceeded a five-year period following the completion of the sentence, or the expiry of the probationary sentence, or an exoneration of the sentence.VI. An individual who has been convicted of embezzlement, fraud or breach of trust and has been sentenced to an imprisonment term that has not yet been executed in full, or has not exceeded a five-year period following the completion of the sentence, or the expiry of the probationary sentence or its exoneration.VII. An individual who has claimed bankruptcy, which has been confirmed, and has yet to be reinstated of rights assets.VIII. An individual who does not reside in Taiwan on a permanent basis. Article 5
At least one of the independent directors of a broadcast or television enterprise that has appointed independent directors shall command one of the following professional qualification criteria:I. Having been a public or private college/university lecturer or higher in a department of communications, mass media, law, finance or economic-related subjects or as research with research institutions for three years or longer.II. Having possessing the experience of a media broadcast work for five years or longer. Article 6
Of a broadcast or television enterprise that runs a news department, the chief of the news department shall command one of the following qualifications:I. An individual who has graduated from the department of news broadcast-related subjects of a local or foreign college/university, or surpassed the general examination or higher of a news broadcast-related category.II. An individual who has engaged in a broadcast, television or other news broadcast-related work for three years or longer.III. An individual possessing other attributes that suffice to prove the individual does command the news broadcast professional knowledge and expertise.Of a broadcast or television enterprise that appoints editorial review personnel, their qualifications shall accord to stipulations set forth under Paragraph 1 to Paragraph 3 of Article 1, or they shall possess other facts that suffice to prove they command the expertise of editorial personnel.The editorial review personnel of a television enterprise shall be in a full-time position, and may not be substituted by other personnel. Article 7
The qualifications of broadcast and television enterprise engineering personnel are to heed to stipulations set forth by the Administrative Regulations on the Establishment of Radio and TV Broadcast Station. Article 8
The radio and television business shall emphasize the professionalism of their practitioners. They shall hold or participate in various professional training sections or seminars. Article 9
These regulations shall become effective on the day of their promulgation. 
