Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Article 8, Paragraph 2 of the International Cooperation and Development Act (hereinafter the “Act”). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Diplomatic allies: Refers to countries that have formal diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan) (hereinafter the “ROC”).2. Friendly countries: Refers to countries that do not have formal diplomatic ties with the ROC, but are willing to cooperate with the ROC to achieve mutual economic development or to enhance substantive bilateral relations.3. Experts from the ROC: Refers to technicians stationed overseas, experts dispatched overseas on a short-term basis, volunteers working overseas or overseas technical groups organized by the above individuals.4. Technical assistance and capacity building: Refers to the provision of technical assistance to achieve social and economic development, training services to improve the quality of human resources or any other measures that fulfill the above purposes. Article 3
Pursuant to Article 8, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1 of the Act, technical assistance and capacity building shall be provided to the following parties:1. Diplomatic allies, friendly countries, or foreign institutions or organizations specified by the above diplomatic allies or friendly countries and recognized by the ROC government.2. Intergovernmental organizations, international non-governmental organizations or other foreign institutions or organizations recognized by the ROC government. Article 4
The competent authority shall provide technical assistance and capacity building through the following methods:1. Organizing plans, studies, evaluations or research projects relating to technical assistance and capacity building.2. Offering training programs or scholarships to recommended candidates stipulated in the preceding article.3. Dispatching professional experts from the ROC to diplomatic allies or friendly countries to assist in their national development through the organization of various training or counseling programs.4. Implementing other projects that fulfill the purpose of providing technical assistance and capacity building.5. Arranging the donation of funds, equipment or facilities to support projects mentioned in the above three subparagraphs. Article 5
The International Cooperation and Development Fund (hereinafter the “TaiwanICDF”) and other legal entities, organizations or professionals shall observe the regulations stipulated in the Regulations Governing the Planning, Appraisal, Implementation, Supervision and Performance Evaluation of International Cooperation and Development Affairs when they are commissioned by the competent authority to provide technical assistance or capacity building pursuant to Article 11, Paragraph 1 of the Act. Article 6
When commissioned to provide technical assistance and capacity building pursuant to Article 11, Paragraph 1 of the Act, the TaiwanICDF shall observe the regulations stipulated in the Regulations Governing Technical Cooperation and Assistance by the International Cooperation and Development Fund with respect to the recipients, types, methods, procedures, qualifications and other requirements.Other legal entities, organizations or professionals commissioned to provide technical assistance and capacity building services pursuant to Article 11, Paragraph 1 of the Act shall also comply with the regulations prescribed in the preceding paragraph with respect to the recipients, types, methods, procedures, qualifications and other requirements. Article 7
These Regulations shall also apply to those government agencies/institutions other than the competent authority that, based on their official authority, are separately engaged in providing technical assistance or capacity building. Article 8
These Regulations shall enter into force on the date of promulgation. 
