Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Article 8, Paragraph 2 of the International Cooperation and Development Act (hereinafter the “Act”). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Diplomatic allies: Refers to countries that have formal diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan) (hereinafter the “ROC”);2. Friendly countries: Refers to countries that do not have formal diplomatic ties with the ROC, but are willing to cooperate with the ROC to achieve mutual economic development or to enhance substantive bilateral relations. Article 3
Development strategy consultations provided by the competent authority pursuant to Article 8, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 8 of the Act shall comply with the following principles:1. Respect the leadership of diplomatic allies or friendly countries on their own development strategies.2. Review the development strategies of diplomatic allies or friendly countries and use relevant local mechanisms for distributing aid resources.3. Establish harmonized, collaborative relations with diplomatic allies or friendly countries, their government agencies, intergovernmental organizations, international non-governmental organizations and other stakeholders in the development strategy.4. Assist diplomatic allies or friendly countries with establishing a results-focused development strategy.5. Reach a consensus with diplomatic allies or friendly countries on mutual accountability with respect to the effectiveness of development strategies. Article 4
Development strategy consultations provided by the competent authority shall include the following content:1. Providing consultation services in line with the development/aid strategies of diplomatic allies or friendly countries by drawing on the comparative advantages and development experience of the ROC.2. Jointly determining cooperation items through consideration of the development priorities established by diplomatic allies or friendly countries, and assisting in the formulation of development policies.3. Assisting diplomatic allies or friendly countries to establish partnerships with intergovernmental organizations, international non-governmental organizations or other international development organizations or institutions so as to enhance aid synergy.4. Assisting diplomatic allies or friendly countries to establish implementation and supervision mechanisms with respect to development strategy. Article 5
The planning of the competent authority’s international cooperation and development affairs shall be made in accordance with the consensus reached with diplomatic allies or friendly countries through development strategy consultations. Article 6
These Regulations shall also apply to those government agencies/institutions other than the competent authority that, based on their official authority, are separately engaged in providing such development strategy consultations. Article 7
These Regulations shall enter into force on the date of promulgation. 
