Article 1
These Regulations are established in accordance with Article 8, Paragraph 2 of the International Cooperation and Development Act (hereinafter the “Act”). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:1. Diplomatic allies: Refers to countries that have formal diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan) (hereinafter the “ROC”).2. Friendly countries: Refers to countries that do not have formal diplomatic ties with the ROC, but are willing to cooperate with the ROC to achieve mutual economic development or to enhance substantive bilateral relations.3. Technicians stationed overseas: Refers to professional personnel who are dispatched to diplomatic allies or friendly countries for the purpose of technical assistance and capacity building.4. Experts dispatched overseas on a short-term basis: Refers to individuals who are dispatched overseas for a period of less than one year and whose specific expertise meets short-term human resource requirements with respect to technical assistance and capacity building.5. Volunteers working overseas: Refers to individuals who are dispatched to diplomatic allies or friendly countries to participate in the implementation of the ROC’s international cooperation and development projects and whose services are provided freely and not on the basis of personal obligation or legal duty, nor for the purpose of receiving remuneration. Article 3
To support the international cooperation and development policies of the ROC and expedite the economic and social development of diplomatic allies or friendly countries, the competent authority may select technicians stationed overseas or organize technical missions to implement various development projects for such countries by means of technical assistance and capacity building. The competent authority may also dispatch experts with specialized knowledge or experience to work overseas on a short-term basis and assist with these projects. Article 4
To effectively utilize volunteer resources in international cooperation and development, the competent authority may designate overseas volunteers to participate in the implementation of the ROC’s international cooperation and development projects. Article 5
When commissioned to handle the dispatch of various personnel pursuant to Article 11, Paragraph 1 of the Act, the International Cooperation and Development Fund (hereinafter the “TaiwanICDF”) or other legal entities or organizations shall establish relevant work standards regarding the selection, employment, appointment and dismissal, performance evaluation, remuneration and other requirements for technicians stationed overseas, experts dispatched overseas on a short-term basis and volunteers working overseas. These work standards shall be submitted to the competent authority for approval before they are put in effect. Article 6
These Regulations shall also apply to those government agencies/institutions other than the competent authority that, based on their official authority, are separately engaged in dispatching personnel. Article 7
These Regulations shall enter into force on the date of promulgation. 
