Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 9, Paragraph 2 of the Noise Control Act. Article 2
The terms used in these Standards are defined as follows:I.Control zone: Refers to Class 1-4 noise control zones as specified in the Noise Control Zone Delineation Operating Standards.II.Noise level: Use of decibels adjusted (dB (A)) means the A-weighted value of the noise level.III. Background noise level: Refers to the noise level apart from the noise source to be measured.IV.Peripheral boundary: Refers to the boundary lines managed or used by premises or facilities. When a premise or facility is isolated by an obvious surrounding wall, the wall shall serve as the boundary; when there is no physical separation, the property scope or scope within which the members of the public do not commonly enter shall be the boundary.V.Time PeriodsA.Daytime: Refers to from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. in all control zones regardless of the Class.B.Evening: Refers to from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. in Class 1 and 2 control zones, and from 7:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. in Class 3 and 4 control zones.C.Nighttime: Refers to from 10:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. on the following day in Class 1 and 2 control zones, and from 11:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. on the following day in Class 3 and 4 control zones.VI.Equivalent noise level: Refers to the average energy value of the measured noise level during a specific time period. Equivalent noise level of from 20 Hz up to 20 kHz is expressed as Leq, and from 20 Hz up to 200 Hz is expressed as Leq,LF; the following calculation formula is used:A.╭ ╮21T │Ｐt │Leq ＝ 10 log ─∫│──│ dtT0 │Ｐ0 │╰ ╯A. : Measurement time, expressed in seconds.B. : Measured sound pressure, in units of Pascals (?) .C. : Baseline sound pressure of 20μPa。B.200 Hz 0.1×Leq，nLeq ，LF＝ 10 ×logΣ 10n =20 HzA.Leq,n: 1/3 octave band filters are used to measure the equivalent noise level of each 1/3 octave band.B.n: Center frequency of the 1/3 octave band from 20 Hz up to 200 Hz.VII. Maximum noise level (Lmax): The maximum noise level value measured during the measurement period.VIII.The combined noise level: Means the noise level of a measured location in which the noise level is created and by two or more facilities.IX.Periodical Variation: Means the cycle of producing noise is roughly the same.X.Intermittent Variation: Means the cycle of producing noise is irregular.XI.Percentage Noise level (Lx): Shows that the time scale percentage x% during the measurement period, where its noise is bigger or equals to that level.XII. Factory plants or sites: Refers to locations that manufacture, process or repair products by using manpower or machines.XIII.Entertainment and business premises: Refers to commercial, leisure, food and drink or consumption locations with business activities.XIV. Construction projects: Refers to the activities performed above or underneath the ground for building, augmenting, altering, repairing, or dismantling structures and their respective auxiliary equipment/facilities, or reforming natural environment.XV.Public address facilities: Refers to devices that receive sound (with functions of attaching external microphone and sound receiver) and equipments or facilities that amplify the noise level.XVI. Overall Noise Level: Refers to the sum of the noise level of the noise source being measured and the background noise level. Article 2.doc 
