Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 7, Paragraph 2 of the Water Pollution Control Act. Article 2
"High-nitrogen processes" mean the following nitrogen-including processes, where the volume of process wastewater exceeds 40% of the permit-approved effluent volume at the discharge point:A. Ammonia chemical manufacturing process.B. Nitrogenous fertilizer manufacturing process.C. Ammonia fertilizer manufacturing process.D. Ammonium phosphate fertilizer manufacturing process.E. Compound fertilizer with nitrogen manufacturing process.F. Nitrogen trifluoride manufacturing process.G. Ammonium sulfate chemical manufacturing process.H. Ethylenediaminetetraacetates (EDTA) chemical manufacturing process.I. Other Ammonia-bearing compounds manufacturing process.J. Acrylonitrile manufacturing process.K. Urea manufacturing process.L. Aniline manufacturing process.M. Caprolactam manufacturing process.N. Ethanolamine chemical manufacturing process.O. Acid amide chemical manufacturing process.P. Other synthetic amine and nitrile compounds manufacturing process.Q. Methyl methacrylate (MMA) chemical manufacturing process.R. Urethane manufacturing process.S. Urea formaldehyde resin manufacturing process.T. Melamine resin manufacturing process.U. Polyacrylonitrile (PAN) fiber manufacturing process.V. Polyamide plastic (nylon) manufacturing process.W. Acrylonitrile-butadiene copolymer (AB) chemical manufacturing process.X. Acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene copolymer (ABS) chemical manufacturing process.Y. Acrylonitrile styrene copolymer (AS) chemical manufacturing process.Z. Dye manufacturing process (azo dyes).AA. Coke manufacturing process, including coke and its by-product, beehive coke, fluidized coke and petroleum coke manufacturing process. Article 3
These Standards are applicable to chemical enterprises announced as regulated in the enterprise classification and definitions of the Water Pollution Control Act. Article 4
See the Attached Table 1 for the water quality items and limits prescribed in these Standards.For the enterprises discharging wastewater to the special receiving water body in the water pollution total quantity control zone (“total quantity control zones” in brief) that has been announced by the special municipality, county or city competent authority for protecting the farmland water body, the regulations in Table 2 shall be applicable to the limits of copper, zinc, total chromium, nickel, cadmium and hexavalent chromium in the effluent. The regulations in table 2 shall not be applicable for the enterprises in the total quality control zones if the wastewater is discharged at a discharging point outside the total quality control zone through the attached pipelines along irrigation canals and all classes of water drainage channels, or jointly discharged through the pipelines, or if the wastewater is discharged at a discharging point in the total quality control zone but not to the special receiving water body. Table 1.docTable 2.doc 
