Article 1
These Regulations are determined pursuant to Article 23, Paragraph 2 of the Air Pollution Control Act (herein referred to as this Act). Article 2
Terms used in these Regulations are defined as follows:I. "Fugitive dust" means particulate matter entrained in the ambient air as a result of anthropogenic (man-made) or natural destruction, disturbance, or weathering effects.II. "Closed building" means a building enclosed by outer walls and a roof, the openings of which, apart from those that have been installed for ventilation in accordance with law, are kept closed at all times.III. "Sealed" means pollution sources that have been sealed to prevent the dispersal of particulate pollutants in the air.IV. "Dustproof screen" means a facility in the form of a screen used to suppress the fugitive emission of particulate pollutants.V. "Dustproof cloth" means facilities in the form of fabrics, canvas, or plastic cloth used to suppress the fugitive emission of particulate pollutants.VI. "Chemical stabilizer" means particular agents, emulsions, or other chemical agents used to increase the adhesion or cohesion of fugitive particulate pollutants.VII. "Automatic water spraying equipment" means water spraying equipment that can operate automatically and does not require manual operation.VIII. "Enclosed gas collection system" means a gas collection system employing partitions to enclose a stationary pollution source and ensure that it is isolated from other spaces within the plant. A negative pressure must be maintained in space enclosed within such a system when operating, which will ensure that particulate pollutants discharged by the stationary pollution source can be entirely collected by pollution control equipment.IX. "Landfill gas collection system" means a system that employs a hood to gather via dynamic suction or collection of fugitive particulate pollutants discharged by process equipment. Such a system must be able to effectively collect fugitive particulate pollutants from production process equipment. X. "Coarse grade aggregate" means aggregate that can be spread on the ground to prevent the fugitive escape of dust.XI. "Particulate matter" means gravel, crushed stone, slag, or other material that exists in a finely divided form that can prevent the fugitive escape of dust.XII."Exposed area" means an area wherein the surface soil is directly exposed to the atmosphere.XIII. "Road color difference" means a difference in the color of a road surface compared with a clean road caused by the adhesion of particulate pollutants such as sand and soil.XIV. "Existing pollution source" means those stationary pollution sources that are naturally existing or that were completed, for which project bid request procedures had been completed, for which contracting contract signing had been completed when there were no bid request procedures, or that were under construction prior to the implementation of these Regulations. Article 3
The appraisal targets of these Regulations shall be those stationary pollution sources at public or private premises that may produce fugitive particulate pollutants listed in Attached Table 1. However, these Regulations shall not apply to construction sites. Attached Table 1.pdf 
