Chapter 1 General PrinciplesArticle 1　 These Regulations are determined pursuant to Article 42 of the Waste Disposal Act (herein referred to as the Act).Article 2　 The term “public or private waste clearance and disposal organizations” used in these Regulations refers to the following two types of public or private organizations that engage in waste clearance and disposal:I. Waste clearance organizations (hereinafter referred to as clearance organizations) are organizations that clear waste under commission for disposal overseas or at disposal sites and plants designated by the said commissioning party.II. Waste disposal organizations (hereinafter referred to as disposal organizations) are organizations that dispose of waste under commission.The term waste clearance and disposal technicians (hereinafter referred to as clearance and disposal technicians) used in these Regulations refers to professional technical personnel who have obtained a clearance and disposal technician qualification certificate, are placed at clearance, disposal organizations, and engage in waste clearance and disposal operations.The term issuing authority used in these Regulations refers to the special municipality, county or city competent authority or an agency commissioned by the central competent authority that issues permits to public and private waste clearance and disposal organizations in Article 41, Paragraph 1 of the Act.Article 3　 Clearance organizations that have obtained a waste clearance permit (hereinafter referred to as clearance permit) from the issuing authority may begin to clear waste under commission.Disposal organizations that have obtained a waste disposal permit (hereinafter referred to as disposal permit) from the issuing authority may begin to dispose of waste under commission.Before establishing a waste disposal site or plant, disposal permitapplicants shall apply through the approval documents for the establishment of such sites or plants (herein referred to as establishment approval documents) from the issuing authority. But existing plants or waste disposal facilities may apply for disposal permits after conducting trial operation.Besides those that do not need to apply for factory establishment registration according to law, the existing plants mentioned in the preceding paragraph means before applying for disposal permits, they must have already obtained factory registration in accordance with relevant provisions, and have the same products, and also have a factory that is in actual operation.Chapter 2 PermitsArticle 4　 Those that apply for clearance permits shall apply to the issuing authority at the location of the organization.Those that apply for establishment approval documents or disposal permits shall apply to the issuing authority at the location of the disposal site or plant.Article 5　 After receiving the application of the preceding article, the issuing authority shall make a decision through a review concerning its approval or rejection within 60 days. When necessary, the review deadline may be extended by up to 60 days. However, the time period for the applicant to provide additional information per the review agency’s request shall be deducted.The applicant shall provide the additional and corrected information. If the information is not provided within the time frame requested by the issuing authority, or although the information is provided, but still incomplete, another deadline will be allotted. If the information is still incomplete or cannot be provided, the issuing authority may reject the application.Sanctions or other administrative actions shall be taken by the issuing authority upon the result of having heard all statements and investigated both the facts and evidences. The issuing authority shall determine the authenticity of the facts according to reasoning and the rules of experience, and inform the parties of its decision and reasoning.Article 6　 Regulations on the classification of the clearance organizations and hiring of professional technical personnel are as follows:I. Grade A organizations: Engage in the clearance of generalwaste, general industrial waste, and hazardous industrial waste. They shall hire two full-time clearance technicians of Grade B or above, of whom at least one is a Grade A clearance technician.II. Grade B organizations: Engage in the clearance of general waste and general industrial waste. They shall hire one full-time clearance technician of Grade B or above. Those with an approved maximum amount surpassing 5,000 metric tons per month shall hire two full-time clearance technicians of Grade B or above.III. Grade C organizations: Engage in the clearance of less than 900 metric tons of general waste and general industrial waste per month. They shall hire one full-time clearance technician of Grade C or above.Regulations on the classification of disposal organizations and hiring of professional technical personnel are as follows.I. Grade A Organizations: Engage in the disposal of general waste, general industrial waste, and hazardous industrial waste. They shall hire two full-time disposal technicians of Grade B or above, of whom at least one is a Grade A disposal technician.II. Grade B organizations: Engage in the disposal of general waste and general industrial waste. They shall hire one full-time disposal technician of Grade B or above. Those with an approved maximum amount surpassing 5,000 metric tons per month shall hire two full-time disposal technicians of Grade B or above.The required clearance technician in Paragraph 1 may be substituted by a disposal technician of the same grade.If at the same address both a clearance organization and a disposal organization are established, and the person in charge is the same, the hired disposal technician shall, simultaneously, engage in clearance operations.Article 7　 The positions of clearance or disposal technicians at clearance or disposal organizations shall be filled with technicians that have obtained a technician qualification certificate issued by the central competent authority.Article 8　 Those applying for the issuance of a clearance permit shall submit the following documents:I. Application form.II. Registration approval verification documents from a government agency.III. Personal identification document of the statutory responsible person.IV. Qualification certificates, insurance policy datasheet (detailed) of labor insurance coverage, employee identification and written permission to check labor insurance data for clearance or disposal technicians.V. Waste clearance equipment identification list and documentary proof of tool purchase (not applicable to organizations using ships or aircraft).VI. Storage site and transfer station land ownership title, land registration information, land parcel list, and establishment plan. If the land is not self-owned, attach the landowner’s or the management agency’s letter of consent to the use of the land (not applicable to organizations without storage sites or transfer stations).VII. The operating information of the taxiing, storage, and transshipment of clearance vehicles.VIII.Autonomic affidavit (shown in Attachment 1).IX. Other documents designated by the issuing authority.Attachment 1：Autonomic Affidavit.pdf
