Article 1
These Regulations are hereby enacted pursuant to Article 22 of the Environmental Agents Control Act. Article 2
When pest control operators perform operations, pest control professional technical personnel shall supervise the application personnel at the site at all times. Article 3
Pest control operators shall train all employed application personnel before the personnel start to perform operations; however, personnel who have already obtained a qualification certificate as pest control professional technical personnel are not subject to this restriction. After starting operations, application personnel shall be retrained every three years. Those who have not undergone retraining may not be ordered to perform operations.Application personnel who fail to attend one quarter of the total training hours during the training period described in the previous paragraph, or who fail to pass the practical course, shall undergo another certification training.The pest control professional technical personnel established by the pest control operators may be the application personnel.The training and re-training that pest control operators hold for the application personnel in Paragraph 1 shall be run by the central competent authority themselves or by an agency (institution) delegated, commissioned, or assigned by the central competent authority. Article 4
Pest control operators shall keep and preserve the application personnel training records for three years. These records shall be reported to the special municipality, county, or city competent authority by way of internet transmission for recordation within one month after the training. However, those that the special municipality, county, or city competent authority have given consent for by written declaration are not subject to this restriction. Article 5
Pest control professional technical personnel and application personnel employed by pest control operators shall undergo a medical examination within three weeks after being recruited. Subsequently, they shall undergo a medical examination once a year.The medical examination in the previous paragraph shall include tests for the cholinesterase content in the blood and shall be made into a medical examination record. These records shall be kept and preserved for 10 years for recordation. Article 6
When performing operations, pest control operators may not use environmental agents that have passed the product expiration date. Article 7
Pest control operators shall provide the following application instruments and safety equipment at the business premises:I.Machinery and dilution instruments (including dilution drums, graduated cylinders, mixers, etc.). II.Work clothes, work caps, work shoes, gas masks, safety goggles, protective gloves, and other appropriate safety equipment. Safety equipment for individual use shall, in principle, be used exclusively by each individual. When diluting or using particular environmental agents to perform pest control operations, the on-site personnel and application personnel shall wear protective safety equipment. Article 8
Before performing operations, pest control operators shall deliver an application plan to clients and fully inform the clients on contents stated with regards to the application plan. Through the client having signed and given consent on the plan, applications may be performed according to the contents of the plan. Operators may not forcefully perform applications or perform them under the false pretense of acting in the name of the government.The application plan in the previous paragraph shall include the following items:I.Name, address, telephone number, and permit or license number of the pest control operator, and name of the professional technical personnel; II.Name and address of the client; III. Description of the location, area, and scope of application; IV.Control functions (pests); V.Names of pest control professional technical personnel and application personnel; VI.Names, permit number, concentrations, and usage quantities of applied agents; VII. Application date and time; VIII.Application methods; IX.Poisoning prevention and detoxification methods; and X.Precautions during and after the application. Pest control operators shall declare the application plan to the special municipality, country, or city competent authority in accordance with the declaration items and compliance matters specified by the central competent authority by way of internet transmission; however, those that the special municipality, county, or city competent authority have given consent for by written declaration are not subject to this restriction. Article 9
Pest control operators shall compile application records each month and declare the application records of the previous year to the special municipality, county, or city competent authority before January 31st of each year. Starting February 1st, 2018, the pest control operators shall declare the application records of the previous month to the special municipality, county, or city competent authority before the 10th of each month.The declarations in the previous paragraph shall be made by way of internet transmission as set by the central competent authority; however, those that the special municipality, county, or city competent authority have given consent for written by declaration are not subject to this restriction. Article 10
The application plans and application records in the two previous articles shall be confirmed by the pest control professional technical personnel as being free of errors and shall be kept and preserved for three years for recordation. Article 11
When pest control operators perform applications, pest control professional technical personnel and application personnel shall wear easily recognizable clothing or shoulder patches identifying their company and shall wear their personal identification badge. The diameter or length of their shoulder patches may not be less than 10 centimeters. The information on the shoulder patches or clothing should include the name of the company and a telephone number for customer complaints. The size of the identification badge may not have a length that is less than 10 centimeters and a width that is less than 7 centimeters. The badge shall state the name of the pest control operator, the full name of the pest control professional technical personnel or application personnel, training qualification certificate number (application personnel are exempted) and a badge photo of at least by one inch.At the site of the applications in the previous paragraph, clearly visible notification signs and appropriate yellow warning tape shall be installed. The notification sign may not be smaller than A4 size (29.7 cm in length, 21 cm in width), and shall clearly display the name of the pest control operator, the permit or license number, application date and time, control functions (pests), scope of application, precautions during and after the application, pest control professional technical personnel, application personnel, contact person, and telephone number.Pest control operator vehicles that perform operations shall be marked with the name of the company, contact telephone number, and the permit or license number in a prominent place.When operations performed by pest control operators pollute the environment, or endanger the ecology or human health, the person in charge, application personnel, or pest control professional technical personnel shall immediately halt the applications and take control measures, and shall notify the local special municipality, county, or city competent authority within two hours. Article 12
The content and format of the application personnel training records and application records will be announced by the central competent authority. Article 13
These Regulations shall take effect from the date of promulgation. 
