Article 1
These Regulations are determined pursuant to Article 39 of the Air Pollution Control Act (herein referred to as this Act). Article 2
Terms used in these provisions are defined as follows:I. Engine family: Diesel and alternative fuel engine (herein referred to as diesel engine) means engines with similar combustion cycle (strokes); cooling mechanism (e.g., air cooled, liquid cooled); cylinder block configuration; number of cylinders; location of air intake valves; air supply method (with or without turbo charge); emissions control system; fuel supply system; intake air cooling methods (e.g., after cooler, inter cooler) are deemed as identical engine family.II. Vehicle configuration: means light duty diesel trucks and diesel passenger cars that are identical in terms of the basic engine, emissions control system, transmission and inertial weight class, and are deemed as identical vehicle configuration.III. In-use vehicles from overseas: vehicles has been registered and licensed by the motor vehicle supervisory agencies of the country of importation that must obtain an import and commodity tax payment (exemption) certificate issued by Customs at the time of importation as documentary proof.IV. Vehicle model year: the year that Vehicle model being mass produced by vehicle manufacturer.V. On Board Diagnostics System (herein referred to as OBD): A computer system inside the vehicle that monitors vehicle emissions control equipment and can diagnose current operating status, save malfunction codes, and display the signal indicator if malfunctions occurred.VI. Hybrid Electric Vehicle (herein referred to as HEV): a vehicle has internal combustion engine and electric motor dual power sources and its engine uses diesel or other alternative clean fuels.VII. Deterioration factors：Each engine family shall have separate emissions deterioration factors to present the durability performance of the specified vehicle or engine in real world operation if the user has conducted normal maintenance according to the user’s manual provided by the manufacturer. The test results for gaseous or particulate pollutants shall be multiplied or added by applicable deterioration factors to represent the durability test results.VIII. Ki factors: Ratio of non-regenerating driving cycle test results to regenerating driving cycle test results for vehicle type with a periodically regenerating system.IX. Evolution coefficient: Ratio of after vehicle break in, stabilized exhaust emissions test results to test results without break in. Article 3
Diesel vehicles shall comply with the Vehicular Air Pollutant Emission Standards, as well as relevant stipulation of these provisions before the central competent authority issues diesel vehicle configuration emission test compliance certification (herein referred to as compliance certification). Article 4
Applicants applying for compliance certification shall abide by the following regulations:I. For domestically manufactured diesel vehicle, the manufacturer shall submit the application.II. For imported diesel vehicle, the manufacturer's agent or association of importers and distributors shall submit the application.III. For imported diesel vehicle procured by government organization at all levels, the said organization shall submit the application on its own or commission the tender winner to submit the application.IV. For diesel vehicle individually imported from overseas the owner shall submit the application. Article 5
Applicants using vehicle model year and engine family as basis to apply for their diesel vehicle certificate of conformity, the required documents to be submitted, sample selection of test vehicle, specifications of test fuel, recognition of foreign certificate of conformity and test reports, and other binding matters shall pursuant to Appendix 1. Appendix 1.doc 
