Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 5, Paragraph 2 of the Environmental Impact Assessment Act (herein referred to as "this Act"). Article 2
The specific items and scope of environmental impact assessments to be conducted with respect to development activities prohibited under relevant laws and regulations are to be determined according to these Standards. Article 3
Where one of the following circumstances applies with respect to the establishment of a factory, an environmental impact assessment shall be required:I. There is a newly-established or added production line in one of the industry types in Attached Table 1.II. There is a production capacity increase in one of the industry types in Attached Table 1 meeting one of the following conditions:A. The site is located in a national park.B. The site is located in a wildlife preserve or an important wildlife habitat environment.C. The site is located in an important national wetland.D. The site is located in a nature preserve approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan.E. The site is located in the water catchment area of a dam or reservoir.F. The site is located within a water quality and quantity protection area.G. The site is located at an elevation of over 1,500 meters.H. The site is located in a mountain slope area, national scenic area, or a general protected area approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan, and the application involves an area or the aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.I. The site is located in farmland in a special agricultural district where farmland readjustment has been completed, the agricultural competent authority has agreed to the use change, and the application involves an area or aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.J. The increase in production capacity exceeds ten percent. However, this restriction shall not apply when the proposed expansion does not cause any increase in the overall volume of air pollution, water pollution, or waste, and verifying documentation has been submitted to the competent authority and industry competent authority, which have granted their consent.III. There is a newly-established or expanded production capacity in one of the industry types in one of the industry types in Attached Table 2 meeting one of the following conditions:A. The site is located in a national park.B. The site is located in a wildlife preserve or an important wildlife habitat environment.C. The site is located in an important national wetland.D. The site is located in a nature preserve approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan.E. The site is located in the water catchment area of a dam or reservoir.F. Located within a water quality and quantity protection area;This requirement does not apply, however, with respect to factories constructed in industrial zones prior to the promulgation and entry into effect of this Act, and of which the effluent drains conduct waste outside a tap-water quality and volume protection area, insofar as the increase in production capacity does not exceed 20% and an intake certificate has been duly obtained from the waste-water treatment plant of the said industrial zone.G. The site is located at an elevation of over 1,500 meters.H. The site is located in a mountain slope area, national scenic area, or a general protected area approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan, and the application involves an area or aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.I. The site is located in farmland in a special agricultural district where farmland readjustment has been completed, the agricultural competent authority has agreed to the use change, and the application involves an area or aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.J. The site is located on urban land, and the application involves an area or aggregate area of land to be developed greater than 5 hectares.K. The site is located on non-urban land, and the application involves an area or aggregate area of land to be developed greater than 10 hectares.IV. The new establishment of, or expansion of the production capacity of, any other factory, and one of the following conditions applies:A. The site is located in a national park. However, this restriction shall not apply when the area involved is less than 500 square meters or the aggregate area to be developed is less than 2,500 square meters, and the national park competent authority and industry competent authority have granted their consent.B. The site is located in a wildlife preserve or an important wildlife habitat environment. However, this restriction shall not apply when the site is located in an important wildlife habitat environment, the area involved is less than 500 square meters or the aggregate area to be developed is less than 2,500 square meters, and the competent authority for important wildlife habitat environments and the industry competent authority have granted their consent.C. The site is located in an important national wetland.D. The site is located in a nature preserve approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan.E. The site is located in the water catchment area of a dam or reservoir, and one of the following conditions applies:1. Belongs to industry types listed on Attached Table 2-1, but is located in water catchment area of a second-class dam or reservoir. However, this restriction shall not apply when the applied-for area is less than 500 square meters or the aggregate developed area is less than 2,500 square meters, and the reservoir competent authority and industry competent authority have granted their consent.2. Does not belong to any industry type listed on Attached Table 2-1 and is located in the water catchment area of a first-class dam or reservoir. However, this restriction shall not apply when the applied-for area is less than 500 square meters or the aggregate developed area is less than 2,500 square meters, and the reservoir competent authority and industry competent authority have granted their consent.F. The site is located at an elevation of over 1,500 meters.G. The site is located in a mountain slope area or a general protected area approved and announced under a Taiwan coastal area natural environment protection plan, and the application involves an area or aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.H. The site is located in farmland in a special agricultural district where farmland readjustment has been completed, the agricultural competent authority has agreed to the use change, and the application involves an area or aggregate area to be developed greater than one hectare.Where the provisions of Subparagraph 3, Items (h) through (k) and Subparagraph 4, Items (h) or (i) of the foregoing paragraph apply, the development or cumulative development area allowances are doubled in applications for sites located in industrial zones, export processing zones, science parks, environmental technology parks, biotechnology parks, or other parks wherein firms may locate and engage in production, manufacturing, technical services, or other services (herein referred to as "parks") for which an environmental impact assessment has already been completed.When the case in Paragraph 1 consists of a replacement or renovation project, the production capacity and pollution output do not increase, and unit energy consumption is lower, exemption from an environmental impact assessment may be granted with the approval of the industry competent authority.When an application for establishment of a factory within a park that has completed site preparation and development of public facilities is made, the case shall be exempt from implementation of an environmental impact assessment pursuant to regulations concerning locations in mountain slope areas in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2, Item (h); Subparagraph 3, Item (h); or Subparagraph 4, Item (g).For the brewing business of fermentation industry stated in Attached Table 2 (Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3) and plants of industries not stated in Attached Table 2-1 (Paragraph1, Subparagraph 4), if they are established outside the main island and located within the parks, and have drains to dispose and conduct the sewage outside the water catchment area of a dam or reservoir,they shall be exempt from the environmental impact assessment stated in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 3, Item (e); or Subparagraph 4, Item (e) 2once received approval from localcompetent authority.For other plants stated in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 4, whose industry types are not stated in Attached Table 1 and 2; plants with industry types stated in Subparagraph 4, Item (e) 1, Attached Table 2-1; and plants with industry types stated in Attached Table 1 or 2 – all of them shall comply with provisions stated in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1 through 3.Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1 refers to plants dealing with gravel crushing and extracting that must comply with provisions stated in Article 10, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2.When an application for establishment of a factory is made, it shall be determined in the following manner whether an environmental impact assessment shall be carried out:I. Where factories are required to obtain a factory establishment permit prior to factory establishment, at the time of application.II. In the following manner where factories are not required to obtain a factory establishment permit prior to factory establishment:A. Where the factory industry type has been confirmed when applying for a factory building construction permit, it will be determined at the time of application for a construction permit.B. Where the factory industry type was not determined when applying for a factory building construction permit, or where the scope of the factory registration application exceeds the industry type or scale stated in the construction permit application, or where the developers applying for the factory construction permit and the factory registration are not the same, it will be determined at the time of application for factory registration. Attached Table 1.docAttached Table 2.docAttached Table 2-1.doc 
