Article 1
These Regulations are determined pursuant to Article 24, Paragraph 3 of the Air Pollution Control Act (herein referred to as “ this Act ” ). Article 2
The applicable targets of these Regulations shall be stationary pollution sources that are designated and officially announced pursuant to Article 24, Paragraph 1 of this Act.The central competent authority may classify a stationary pollution source in the foregoing paragraph as a Class 1 stationary pollution source or Class 2 stationary pollution source based on the type and scope of manufacturing processes and equipment of the stationary pollution source, and may designate and officially announce these classifications. Article 3
A “ modification ” as referred to in Article 24 of this Act means a replacement or expansion of stationary pollution source equipment, or an alteration of processes, raw materials and components, fuel, or products for which one of the following circumstances applies:I. Causes an increase in the types of air pollutant emissions.II. The estimated annual increase in the quantity of the emissions of a single air pollutant over the annual permitted emissions quantity recorded on the permit is estimated to reach 20 percent or more and at least five tons.III. The increase of the annual emissions quantity of an air pollutant over the annual permitted emissions quantity recorded on the permit is estimated to reach one of the following levels:A. Forty tons or more for nitrogen oxidesB. Sixty tons or more for sulfur oxidesC. Thirty tons or more for volatile organic compoundsD. Fifteen tons or more for particulate matterE. One-hundred tons or more for carbon monoxideF. Other levels designated and officially announced by the central competent authorityIV. The increase of the annual emissions quantity of the following air pollutants over the annual permitted emissions quantity recorded on the permit is estimated to reach fifteen tons or more, and the annual permitted emissions quantity of stationary pollution sources in the entire plant (facility) site reaches one of the following levels:A. Four hundred tons or more for nitrogen oxidesB. Five hundred tons or more for sulfur oxidesC. Two hundred tons or more for volatile organic compoundsD. Two hundred tons or more for particulate matterWhen a public or private premises that has obtained an installation permit and satisfies the conditions of the foregoing Article applies for operating permits at separate times in accordance with the approved content of the original installation permit, said the application may be carried out as prescribed in Article 23. Article 4
“ Installed ” as referred to in Article 76 of this Act means those circumstances in which construction of a stationary pollution source has already been completed, in which construction is still ongoing, in which the construction bidding process has already been completed, or in which a construction bid has been awarded and a contract signed. Article 5
A public or private premises, when applying for a stationary pollution source installation permit, shall fill out an application form and submit it together with an air pollution control plan that has been signed by a legally registered and practicing environmental engineer or other relevant professional engineer to the special municipality, county or city competent authority or other government agency commissioned by the central competent authority (hereafter, “ reviewing agency ” ).The reviewing agency may obtain and view a photocopy of the worksheet compiled and formulated pursuant to the signing regulations for environmental engineers or other relevant professional engineers in the foregoing paragraph. Article 6
The contents of the air pollution control plan referred to in the foregoing paragraph shall include the following items:I. Plan objectivesII. A diagram of the environment within the two kilometers surrounding the pollution source plantIII. A layout diagram of plant facilitiesIV. Flowcharts of production and manufacturing processes and production and manufacturing schedulesV. Types, compositions and usage quantities of raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissions, and types and output volumes of productsVI. Conveyance, storage and piling methods for raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissionsVII. Types, compositions, concentrations and emissions quantities of emitted air pollutantsVIII. Types, structures, performance, processes, usage conditions and design drawings of air pollution collection and emissions pipe facilities and control facilitiesIX. Budget for and progress of the installation of air pollution collection and emissions pipe facilities and control facilitiesX. Pollution control facilities adopted by the public or private premises during the installation and construction periodXI. Other items designated by the competent authority Article 7
Those public or private premises that, for newly added, newly installed or modified stationary pollution sources, are required pursuant to Article 6, Paragraph 2 or Paragraph 3 or Article 8, Paragraph 2 of this Act to perform modeling and simulation to verify that pollutant emissions quantities do not exceed allowable increase limits shall, when applying for an installation permit for a stationary pollution source, also submit verification documents demonstrating compliance with air quality modeling and simulation standards and allowable pollutant increase limits. Article 8
Those public or private premises that, for newly added, newly installed or modified stationary pollution sources, are required pursuant to Article 6, Paragraph 3 or Article 8, Paragraph 3 of this Act to employ best available control technology, but fail to employ available control technology listed in the best available control technology chart, shall, when applying for a stationary pollution source installation permit, also submit the following documents:I. Pollution reduction explanatory information for low-pollution raw materials, components and fuel, low-pollution manufacturing processes, and air pollution control facilities employedII. Operating parameters and recording methods and frequencies related to air pollution reduction measures and control facilitiesIII. Air pollutant mass-energy balance or other calculation explanatory informationIV. Other information designated by the competent authority Article 9
After the reviewing agency accepts a stationary pollution source installation permit application, it shall notify the public or private premises to pay the review fee and certificate fee within seven days, and shall complete review within thirty days. If an application is found after review to be in compliance with regulations, the reviewing agency shall within fourteen days after completing review notify the public or private premises to claim its installation permit.The reviewing agency shall, for those circumstances in which the review of the application documents in Paragraph 1 demonstrates failure to comply with regulations or incomplete content, promptly notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period; the applications of those that fail to make corrections or pay certificate fees by the deadline shall be rejected. However, for those public or private premises that have already made corrections by the deadline but still fail to comply with regulations or still have incomplete content, the reviewing agency may again notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period. The number of days for making corrections shall not be calculated within the review period and the total number of days for making corrections may not exceed ninety days. Article 10
The items required to be recorded for an installation permit shall be as follows:I. The validity period and certificate number of the installation permitII. Basic informationA. The name and address of the public or private premisesB.The name, identification document number and address of the statutory responsible person of the public or private premisesIII. Installation permission contentsA. The name of the stationary pollution source, usage quantities of raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissions, or product output volume, and design operating conditionsB. The name, model, design handling capacity and handling efficiency of air pollution control methods and facilities; regulations determined pursuant to this Act specifying the use of the best available control technologyC. Air pollutant emissions collection method, diameter of the outlet of the emissions pipe and the location of the emissions outletD. Types of air pollutants emitted and annual permitted emissions quantitiesE. Supporting data for the estimation of annual permitted emissions quantities for air pollutantsF. The batch number officially announced for the industry type of the public or private premises permitted to install the stationary pollution source and installation regulations with which dedicated units and personnel are required to complyG. Other items permitted by the competent authority Article 11
A public or private premises may only carry out the installation or construction of stationary pollution source equipment after obtaining a stationary pollution source installation permit, and shall carry out installation or modification in accordance with permit contents. Article 12
A public or private premises, when applying for a stationary pollution source operating permit pursuant to Article 24, Paragraph 2 of this Act, shall fill out an application form, and submit the following documents to the reviewing agency:I.Photocopies of relevant verification documents for the approval of installation, registration, or operation by the industry competent authorityII. A statement of the differences to result from the air pollution control planIII. The content of the trial operation plan report shall be as follows: A. Trial operation steps or procedures and the number of days required to achieve operating conditions for the application for maximum production capacityB. Estimations of air pollution production circumstances for each trial operation step or procedure, and measures for preventing pollution emissions from exceeding standards or the scope of restrictionsC. An air pollutant emissions testing planIV. For a stationary pollution source that is required to implement an environmental impact assessment, the public or private premises shall submit an approved environmental impact statement, the content of the assessment document, and review conclusionsV. Other documents designated by the competent authorityThe number of days of trial operation in Subparagraph 3, Item 1 of the foregoing paragraph shall not exceed ninety. However, those that receive the approval of the reviewing agency shall not be subject to this restriction. Article 13
A public or private premises, when applying for a stationary pollution source operating permit pursuant to Article 76 of this Act, shall fill out an application form and submit it together with the following documents to the reviewing agency:I. Photocopies of relevant verification documents for the approval of installation, registration, or operation by the industry competent authorityII. Specifications of air pollution control facilitiesIII. An air pollutant emissions testing planIV. Other documents designated by the competent authority Article 14
Specifications of air pollution control facilities as referred to in the foregoing article shall include the following items:I. Control targetsII. A diagram of the environment within the two kilometers surrounding the pollution source plantIII. A layout diagram of plant facilitiesIV. Flowcharts of production and manufacturing processes and production and manufacturing schedulesV. Types, compositions and usage quantities of raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissions, and types and output volumes of productsVI. Conveyance, storage and piling methods for raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissionsVII. Types, compositions, concentrations and emissions quantities of emitted air pollutantsVIII. Types, structures, performance, processes, usage conditions and design drawings of air pollution collection facilities and control facilitiesIX. Other items designated by the competent authority Article 15
Those public or private premises with multiple stationary pollution sources for which the models, sizes, operating conditions and pollution control facilities are all identical may, as prescribed in the Stationary Pollution Source Self-Testing or Commissioned Testing and Reporting Management Regulations, select a certain number of pollution sources for the performance of testing work when reporting to the reviewing agency for approval. Article 16
Review and issuance procedures for stationary pollution source operating permits shall be as follows:I. The reviewing agency shall, after acceptance of an application for a stationary pollution source operating permit, notify the public or private premises to pay review fees and certificate fees within seven days, and shall complete document review within thirty days. When the review demonstrates compliance with regulations, the reviewing agency shall notify those public or private premises applying pursuant to Article 24 of this Act to perform trial operation, and shall notify those public or private premises applying pursuant to Article 76 of this Act to perform air pollutant emissions testing.II. Those public or private premises that receive the trial operation notification in the foregoing subparagraph shall complete trial operation in accordance with the trial operation plan and submit an air pollutant emissions testing report to the reviewing agency within fifteen days after the expiration of the approved period for trial operation; those for which testing results demonstrate compliance with emissions standards may continue to perform trial operation. Those public or private premises that receive the air pollutant emissions testing notification in the foregoing subparagraph shall complete testing in accordance with an approved air pollutant emissions testing plan and submit an air pollutant emissions testing report to the reviewing agency within forty-five days. The review period may be extended fifteen days when the public or private premises must perform dioxin air pollutant testing. III. The reviewing agency shall complete review within fifteen days after receipt of the testing report in the foregoing subparagraph; for those for which the review demonstrates compliance with emissions standards, the reviewing agency shall within fourteen days after completing review notify the public or private premises to claim its operating permit. Those public or private premises that apply for an operating permit pursuant to Article 24 of this Act shall submit registration or operating permit documents approved by the industry competent authority to the reviewing agency in order to claim an operating permit.Those public or private premises that are unable to complete trial operation in accordance with the trial operation plan may apply to the reviewing agency for an extension prior to the trial operation deadline.The reviewing agency shall perform an on-site inspection prior to completing review of the testing report. The reviewing agency shall, for those circumstances in which the review of the application documents, on-site inspection results, or air pollutant emissions testing report in Paragraph 1 demonstrates failure to comply with regulations or incomplete content, promptly notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period; the applications of those that fail to make corrections, pay review fees or certificate fees or submit an air pollutant emissions testing report shall be rejected. However, for those public or private premises that have already made corrections by the deadline but still fail to comply with regulations or still have incomplete content, the reviewing agency may again notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period. The number of days for making corrections shall not be calculated within the review period and the total number of days for makingcorrections may not exceed ninety days. Article 17
When reviewing an air pollutant emissions testing plan submitted by a public or private premises pursuant to Article 12 or Article 13, the reviewing agency shall order those public or private premises that meet the following circumstances to perform air pollutant testing:I. Those that possess stationary emissions pipes and are required pursuant to regulations to install sampling facilities; or, those that discharge fugitive pollution emissions and for which there are appropriate representative locations in the surrounding environment at which to perform testing.II. Those for which an environmental analysis organization with a permit issued by central competent authority is able to perform testing Article 18
When performing trial operation or testing of a public or private premises stationary pollution source pursuant to Article 16, operating conditions connected with air pollutant emissions with shall reach eighty percent or more of the maximum output volume and usage quantity of raw materials, components or fuel on the operating permit application. When a public or private premises cannot reach eighty percent or more, the approved content of the operating permit shall state 1.2 times the actual operating conditions during trial operation or testing. Article 19
The following items shall be recorded for the operating permit:I. The validity period and certificate number of the operating permit II. The basic information of the public or private premises:A. The name and address of the public or private premisesB. The name, identification document number and address of the statutory responsible person of the public or private premisesIII. Operating permission contents:A. The name of the stationary pollution source, usage quantities of raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissions, or product output volume, and operating conditions and operating timetableB. Name, model, handling capacity (efficiency), and operating conditions of air pollution control methods and facilitiesC. Air pollutant emissions collection method, diameter of the outlet of the emissions pipe and the location of the emissions outletD. Types of air pollutants emitted and annual permitted emissions quantitiesE. Supporting data for the estimation of annual permitted emissions quantities for air pollutantsF. Regulations for monitoring, regular testing, reporting and other binding matters for air pollutant emissionsG. Regulations for stationary pollution source and air pollution control facility operating recordsH. Regulations for the inspection, service, records, and other binding matters for air pollution control, monitoring, or sampling facilitiesI. The batch number officially announced for the industry type of the public or private premises permitted to install the stationary pollution source and installation regulations with which dedicated units and personnel are required to complyJ. Other items permitted by the competent authority Article 20
A public or private premises may only operate a stationary pollution source after obtaining a stationary pollution source operating permit, and shall operate in accordance with permit contents. Article 21
For a stationary pollution source that is required to implement an environmental impact assessment, the permit content shall include the approved environmental impact statement, assessment report and review conclusions. Article 22
There may be an allowable difference of ten percent for each permitted condition and numerical value recorded on a permit. However, the stationary pollution source shall remain in compliance with relevant control and emissions standards regulations.The method for checking air pollutant control facility handling efficiency and operating conditions stated on the permit shall be as follows:I. Scope of design operating conditionsII. When there are no design values, the scope of air pollution control facility operating conditions from trial operation or testing or actual operating experience shall serve as a basis. Article 23
When there is a failure to comply with the recorded content of the operating permit due to the alteration of the operational content of the public or private premises, but for which a modification referred to in article 24 of this Act is not involved, shall be handled pursuant to the following regulations:I. Those for which there is an alteration to processes, facilities, or operating conditions shall, prior to alteration, reapply in accordance with application and issuance procedures for operating permits. However, those that are estimated to not increase air pollutant emissions quantities may forego the performance of testing again.II. Those that change to the use of low-pollution raw materials, components or fuel, remove or suspend the use of facilities that produces air pollution, add control equipment, or improve control efficiency may, within thirty days after the alteration, submit the relevant verification documents to the reviewing agency for application.Those that reapply for an operating permit pursuant to Subparagraph 1 of the foregoing paragraph shall fill out an application form and submit a statement of the differences in air pollution control facilities, a trial operation plan, and a timetable for the alteration project. The number of days for trial operation may not exceed ninety days. However, those that receive the approval of the reviewing agency shall not be subject to this restriction.The reviewing agency shall, when accepting the application in the foregoing two paragraphs, perform review and issuance as prescribed in Article 16. But when, in Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 1, retesting is not required, or in Subparagraph 2, an on-site inspection shall be performed prior to the completion of document review. Article 24
Where two or more stationary pollution sources discharge air pollutants through the same emissions pipe, when a permit application is made for any stationary pollution source pursuant to Article 24 or Article76 of this Act, the reviewing agency may require a joint application if it determines that the stationary pollution source is connected with the applicant's air pollutant emissions. Article 25
For a reviewing agency that accepts an application for an installation or operating permit for a Category 1 stationary pollution source, the review period may be extended fifteen days. For those that accept an application for an installation permit for a stationary pollution source in Article 7 or Article 8, the review period may be extended thirty days. Article 26
If a permit is damaged or lost, or the basic information stated on it is altered, during its period of validity, the public or private premises shall submit photocopies of relevant verification documents for the approval of installation, registration, or operation by the industry competent authority within sixty days after the event in application to the reviewing agency for renewal or replacement.Those that exceed the period in the foregoing paragraph and are notified by the reviewing agency to renew or replace a permit shall, within ten days after receiving notification, submit photocopies of the verification documents in the foregoing paragraph to the reviewing agency in order to apply for renewal or replacement.Those public or private premises in Paragraph 1 that complete the installation of a stationary pollution source and obtain an operating permit may forego applying for the renewal or replacement of an installation permit.The reviewing agency shall complete review within fourteen days after accepting an application in Paragraph 1 or Paragraph 2, and shall notify the public or private premises to pay the certificate fee and claim its permit. However, if the application document demonstrates failure to comply with regulations or incomplete content, the application shall be rejected. Article 27
Those that apply for the extension of a permit pursuant to Article 29 of this Act shall fill out an application form for submission to the reviewing agency. Those that apply for the extension of an operating permit shall also submit the most recent testing report from within the last year or other verification documents sufficient to demonstrate compliance with the relevant regulations of this Act. If, however, public or private premises cannot submit the most recent testing report from within the last year due to suspension of work or business, such public or private premises may apply for extension using alternative verification documents after reporting to and obtaining the consent of the reviewing agency.The reviewing agency shall, after acceptance of an application for permit extension in the foregoing paragraph, notify the public or private premises to pay review fees and certificate fees within seven days, and shall complete the document review and an on-site inspection within thirty days. For those circumstances in which the review demonstrates compliance with regulations, the reviewing agency shall within fourteen days after the completion of the review notify the public or private premises to claim the permit.The reviewing agency shall, for those circumstances in which the review of the application documents in Paragraph 1 demonstrates failure to comply with regulations or incomplete content, promptly notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period; the applications of those that fail to make corrections by the deadline, fail to pay review fees or certificate fees, or whose review results are inconsistent with the content their original operating permit shall be rejected. However, for those public or private premises that have already made corrections by the deadline but still fail to comply with regulations or still have incomplete content, the reviewing agency may again notify the public or private premises to make corrections within a limited period. The number of days for making corrections shall not be calculated within the review period and the total number of days for making corrections may not exceed thirty days. Article 28
Those public or private premises that expect to complete the installation or construction of stationary pollution source equipment within three months may fill out an application form and submit it together with the air pollution control plan and the documents in Article 12, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 3 to 5 to the reviewing agency in order to apply for an installation permit and operating permit at the same time.The reviewing agency shall, when accepting applications for installation and operating permits in the foregoing paragraph, perform review as prescribed in Article 9; after approval of the review, the reviewing agency notify the public or private premises to claim the installation permit. After the public or private premises submits photocopies of relevant verification documents for the approval of installation, registration, the reviewing agency shall nearly the public or private premises to implement trial operation, and shall additionally, pursuant to Article 16, Paragraph 1, Subparagraphs 2 and 3, Paragraph 2, Paragraph 3, and Article 18, conduct a review and notify the public or private premises to claim the operating permit. Article 29
Those public or private premises that for stationary pollution sources need to repeatedly apply for permission for changes or modifications to permit production capacity due to rapid changes in production capacity or products may apply all at one time for permission for the production capacity conditions or the maximum operating conditions for usage volumes of raw materials, components, or fuel connected with air pollutant emissions to be reached in the next five years. When performing trial operation or testing, the public or private premises may employ certain process conditions as operating conditions without being subject to the restrictions of Article 18.The public or private premises, when applying for installation and operating permits pursuant to the foregoing paragraph, shall submit documents in Article 5, Article 12, or Article 13 and the following information and documents:I. Scheduled production capacity information or operating conditions for raw material, components, or fuel connected with air pollutant emissions for the five years starting from the application dateII.Estimated pollutant emissions quantities for maximum production capacity conditions or maximum operating conditions to be applied for in the futureIII. An explanation of rapid changes in production capacity or productsIV. A continuous automatic monitoring facilities plan for monitoring the concentration of primary air pollutants for the installation of stationary pollution sources or other alternate monitoring program authorized by the reviewing agency and sufficient to verify pollutant emissions are in compliance with the prescribed alternate monitoring program, and response methods for air pollutant emissions monitoring, testing and reporting workV. Other documents designated by the competent authorityAfter receipt of the permit application in the foregoing paragraph, the reviewing agency may use the maximum production capacity conditions or maximum operating conditions to be reached in the next five years as the basis for the issuance of installation and operating permits. Article 30
The operations of those public and private premises that obtain an operating permit pursuant to the foregoing article shall comply with the following regulations and shall not be subject to the ten percent allowable difference restriction designated in Article 22.I. For those with rapid changes in production capacity:A. Testing shall be completed in accordance with regulations within one month each time an increase in product output volumes or usage quantities of raw materials, components, or fuel connected with air pollutant emissions under operating conditions reaches twenty percent of the quantity for which a permit application has been submitted. When performing testing, product output volumes or usage quantities of raw materials, components, or fuel connected with air pollutant emissions under operating conditions shall reach eighty percent or more of the actual quantity of increase.B. Regularly maintain records of operating matters related to raw materials and components and fuel connected with air pollutant emissions, products, and control facilities, and perform testing and reporting work in accordance with regulations.C. For the operating and testing records in the foregoing item, unless other regulations apply, records for the previous quarter shall be reported to the special municipality, county or city competent authority or other government agency commissioned by the central competent authority prior to the end of the month in January, April July and October of each year.II. For those with rapid changes in products:A. Maintain daily records of operating matters related to control facilities and raw materials, components, or fuel connected with air pollutant emissions.B. Perform air pollutant emissions testing at least once every half year.C. The operating and testing records in the foregoing two items shall be reported regularly to the special municipality, county or city competent authority every half year.III. Other items designated by the competent authority Article 31
The reviewing agency may revoke or cancel the permit of the stationary pollution source of a public or private premises when any of the following situations apply:I. The application document contains false information.II. A newly-established public or private premises has suspended installation of stationary pollution source equipment, or has not continued installation of a plant (facility) after obtaining the approval of the industry competent authority.III. A public or private premise has stopped work or suspended business for at least one year. However, a public or private premises that cannot resume work or resume business due to some legitimate cause, and has requested and received the approval of the industry competent authority, shall not be subject to this restriction.IV. Following the relocation of the chief production facility of a public or private premises, the public or private premises ceases production, manufacturing, or processing after obtaining the approval of the industry competent authority.V. A public or private premises has altered production processes or air pollution control facilities, causing it to cease having stationary pollution source announced as requiring a permit application.VI. A public or private premises has obtained a permit but does not have a stationary pollution source announced is requiring an installation, modification, or operating permit.VII. A public or private premises has terminated business, submitted its factory registration for cancellation, or has had its factory registration announced cancelled by the industry competent authority.VIII. Public or private premises that have violated the relevant regulations of these Regulations and for which one of the circumstances in Article 82, Subparagraphs 2 through 7 of this Act applies. Article 32
The sequence for the supporting data for the estimation of annual permitted emissions quantities for air pollutants referred to in these Regulations shall be as follows:I. Monitoring data for one year or more from the continuous automatic monitoring facilities of the stationary pollution source of a public or private premisesII. Testing report data from trial operation implemented by a public or private premises pursuant to Article 16, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 2, or testing report data of testing performed or commissioned three or more times by the competent authority or the public or private premisesIII. Emissions coefficients and control coefficient announced by the central competent authorityIV. Relevant domestic and overseas technical reports and testing dataV. Other emissions coefficients and alternative calculation methods authorized by the competent authorityThe annual permitted emissions quantities for the air pollutants of the stationary pollution sources of public or private premises may be used as supporting data for the modification of installation and operating permits; the ratio of the increase quantity shall be calculated based on identical estimation supporting data. Article 33
The central competent authority may designate and officially announce a public or private premises stationary pollution source to apply for an installation or operating permit online via the Internet. Article 34
A government agency commissioned by the central competent authority, when conducting a review for and issuing a permit pursuant to Article 24, Paragraph 1 of this Act, may use the fee collection standards determined in Article 79, Paragraph 2 of this Act for the collection of review fees and certificate fees from public and private premises. Article 35
For those other government agencies commissioned by the central competent authority for which one of the following circumstances applies, the central competent authority may officially announce the partial or complete suspension of the commission:I. Those circumstances in which the central competent authority determines that the commissioned agency is unable to coordinate with central or local competent authority on the performance of permit control workII. Those circumstances in which the local competent authority provides a reason it is inappropriate for the commissioned agency to continue to accept the commission, and the central competent authority issues authorizationIII. Those circumstances in which the competent authority implements total quantity controls in accordance with the law and other relevant regulations applyIV. Those circumstances in which the commissioned agency provides a reason it will not continue to accept the commission, and the central competent authority issues authorizationV. Those circumstances in which the central competent authority deems there is no necessity to commission work Article 36
These Regulations shall take effect on the date of promulgation. 
