Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 20, Paragraph 2, Article 22, Paragraphs 2 and 3, Article 23, Paragraph 2 and Article 44, Paragraph 3 of the Air Pollution Control Act. Article 2
For matters not provided in these Standards, the regulations of other relevant standards shall apply. Article 3
Terms and symbols used in these Standards are defined as follows:I. “Electric arc furnace” means an industrial furnace that uses heat produced by an electric arc to melt ore and metal.II. “Dioxin” means polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.III. “ng” means nanogram, equivalent to 10 -9 grams.IV. “Nm3” means a cubic meter at a temperature of 273K and a pressure of 1 atmosphere.V. “I-TEF” means the International Toxicity Equivalency Factor used internationally to calculate the toxicity weighting of dioxin concentrations.VI. “TEQ” (Toxicity Equivalency Quantity of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin) means the method for calculating the toxicity weighting of dioxin concentrations.VII. “Existing electric arc furnace” means an electric arc furnace already constructed or that is in the process of being constructed, for which project tender procedures have been completed, or if no tenders were invited, for which project contracts were issued and signed before the date of promulgation of these Standards.VIII. “Newly installed electric arc furnace” means an electric arc furnace that was installed after the date of promulgation of these Standards. Article 4
These Standards shall apply to electric arc furnaces in the steelmaking industry. Article 5
The Electric Arc Furnace Dioxin Emission Standards are determined as follows:┌───────────┬──────────────┬────────┐│Pollution sources│Emission standard value│Effective Date││ │(ng-TEQ/Nm3) │ │├───────────┼──────────────┼────────┤│Newly installed │0.5 │October 1,││electric arc furnace│ │2002│├───────────┼──────────────┼────────┤│Existing electric arc │5│January 1, 2004 ││furnace├──────────────┼────────┤│ │0.5 │January 1, 2008 │└───────────┴──────────────┴────────┘ Article 6
Steel industry associations, operators of electric arc furnace steel mills, environmental protection groups, as well as domestic and foreign academic research institutions may submit concrete scientific data and materials to the central competent authority as supporting data for reviewing and amending the 0.5 ng-TEQ/Nm3 dioxine emission standard value for existing electric arc furnaces. Article 7
If the arithmetic mean value, taken three times, is found to exceed the emission standard values of Article 5 when conducting electric arc furnace dioxin testing, the dioxin emissions of said electric arc furnace shall be determined as not complying with these Standards.For the testing in the foregoing paragraph, intervals between the time of the first sampling and the third sampling may not exceed one month. Each sampling time shall cover an operating cycle of more than two furnace heat cycles. Sampling and testing shall be conducted in accordance with the methods amended and officially announced by the central competent authority. Those who are not able to carry out sampling and testing in accordance with the methods amended and officially announced by the central competent authority may propose an alternative inspection and appraisal method and submit it to the central competent authority for review. Following approval by the central competent authority, the authorized inspection and appraisal method may serve as supporting control data. Article 8
The tested concentrations of dioxin pollutants in electric arc furnace emissions shall be calculated based on the volume of dry emissions at a temperature of 273K and a pressure of 1 atmosphere.The measured concentrations of all listed dioxin pollutants Table multiplied with their I-TEF shall be added up and expressed as TEQ. Table of International Toxicity Equivalency Factor Values.pdf 
