Article 1
These Rules are determined pursuant to Article 43 of Toxic Chemical Substances Control Act (herein referred to as "this Act"). Article 2
“Manufacturing”, as referred to in this Act, means the act of mixing, processing, synthesis, or individual packaging of toxic chemical substances. However, mixing, processing, or individual packaging for in-house use shall not be subject to this restriction. Article 3
“Transport”, as referred to in this Act, means the use of a means of transportation such as a vehicle, vessel, or aircraft to load and unload toxic chemical substances. Article 4
(Deleted) Article 5
The special municipality, county, or city competent authority shall send copies of the whole-plant (facility) site layout plan and internal site layout plan for a handling site reported by a handler of toxic chemical substances to the fire safety agency. Article 6
The improvement completion explanation determined in Article 15, Paragraph 2 of this Act shall record the following items:I. An explanation of the source of the toxic chemical substances, status of handling, product manufacturing processes, management methods, and storage equipmentII. Differences before and after improvement, and effectivenessIII. Equipment or facility improvement completionIV. Other items determined by the competent authority Article 7
The nationwide toxic chemical substance joint prevention organization referred to in Article 16, Paragraph 4 of this Act means a toxic chemical substance joint prevention organization and its branches that are established by one or more handlers of toxic chemical substances for mutual support based on industry type or toxic chemical substance type, condition, use or operation. The nationwide toxic chemical substance joint prevention organization has to be reported to the central competent authority and its branches have to be reported to municipal or county/city competent authority of jurisdiction for future reference.The content of the report for future reference in the foregoing paragraph shall include the organization, mission, management of the joint prevention organization, roster of handlers, accident response contact information, list of equipment that can be provided to support disaster relief, support protocols, and work implementation plans.Government agencies or academic institutions that establish nationwide toxic chemical substance joint prevention organizations shall follow Article 28, Paragraph 2 of this Act. Article 8
“Cessation of handling”, as referred to in Article 20 of this Act, means that a handler has partially or completely ceased the handling of toxic chemical substances.If, after cessation of handling or after completion of the disposal of toxic chemical substances deemed cessation of handling pursuant to Article 21 of this Act, the competent authority deems it necessary to revoke relevant permits, registration documents, or approval documents, the competent authority may order a handler to return such documents. Article 9
When a handler of toxic chemical substances submits a list of the remaining toxic chemical substances to the competent authority for approval pursuant to Article 20 of this Act, the handler shall compile a list of the names, compositions, and quantities of the toxic chemical substances no longer handled, and their disposal methods or assignees. Article 10
“Suspension of handling”, as referred to in Article 21 of this Act, means an interruption in manufacturing, import, sale, use, or storage handling for at least two years.Suspension of handling, as determined in Article 21, Subparagraph 2 of this Act, includes both suspension approved by the competent authority and suspension not approved by the competent authority. Article 11
“Special municipality, county, or city competent authority”, as referred to in Article 24 of this Act, means the competent authority in the place where the accident occurred.When the place where the accident occurred in the foregoing paragraph involves two or more special municipalities, counties or cities, the central competent authority shall determine a competent authority. However, the reporting performed by the handler pursuant to Article 24, Paragraph 1 of this Act shall be to only one of such competent authorities. Article 12
“Emergency control measures”, as referred to in Article 24, Paragraph 1 of this Act, means one of the following measures:I. Any pollution control measures sufficient to effect prompt control of the large-scale dispersal of toxic chemical substances, and restore the normal handling of such substancesII. Partial or complete suspension of handling causing the accident at issueIII. Any type of measure able to mitigate, prevent, or contain the expansion of hazardsIV. Other response tasks designated by the competent authority Article 13
When the competent authority deems that a handler must make improvements or convert toxic chemical substances into other substances pursuant to Article 26, Subparagraph 2 of this Act, the competent authority shall order the handler to submit an improvement or conversion plan, and explicitly state a completion deadline, which shall be reported for approval. Article 14
The unsealing and return of toxic chemical substances by the competent authority pursuant to Article 26, Subparagraph 2 or 3 of this Act shall be performed within seven days after approval of the improvement or conversion plan, or determination that the regulations of this Act have not been violated. Article 15
“By the deadline”, as referred to in Article 26, Subparagraph 2 and Article 36, Subparagraph 2 of this Act, means by the improvement or conversion completion deadline stated in the approved plan in the foregoing article. Article 16
The competent authority shall sell, discard, or dispose of by other appropriate methods any toxic chemical substances or related articles confiscated pursuant to Article 36 of this Act. Article 17
These Rules shall take effect from the date of promulgation. 
