Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 34, Paragrap h 2 of the Air Pollution Control Act. Article 2
Terms used in these Standards are defined as follows.I. “Drive cycle testing” means use of a vehicle body dynamometer to simulate specific forms of driving and measurement of air pollutants emitted from a vehicle’s exhaust pipe during a specific simulated driving mode.II. “Idle testing” means measurement of the concentration of emitted pollutants from the exhaust pipe when a vehicle is running at idle.III. “Judgment by visual determination” means the use of visual methods to determine the concentration of particulate matter in air pollutants emitted by a transportation vehicle; this work shall be performed by personnel who have completed the central competent authority training for transportation vehicle and public or private premise exhaust smoke visual judgment personnel and hold a qualification certificate.IV. “New vehicle model certification” means the air pollutant emission review and testing performed after the manufacture or import of each vehicle model, and prior to sales or use.V. “New vehicle testing” includes random testing of new vehicles and testing of new vehicles at the time of license application. “Random testing of new vehicles” means air pollutant emission testing performed after a vehicle has passed new vehicle model certification and following a certain period of time or after a designated quantity have been manufactured or imported. Testing of new vehicles at the time of license application means air pollutant emission testing performed on a new vehicle after a license application has been made in accordance with road transportation safety regulations.VI. “In-use vehicle testing” includes regular testing, non-regular testing, and testing of in-use vehicles at the time of license application. Regular testing means air pollutant emission testing performed during regular testing in accordance with road transportation safety regulations or Article 40 of this Act. Non-regular testing means provisional air pollutant emission testing performed when vehicles are in motion or at a stopping place. Testing of in-use vehicles at the time of license application means air pollutant emission testing performed at the time of license renewal application made in accordance with road transportation safety regulations.VII. “Mass production” means that a product is being formally manufactured for the purpose of sales or use on a production line in accordance with production drawings after completion of design and commercial realization.VIII. “Prototype vehicle” means a vehicle that is manufactured by hand or other non-production line method during the model design and development stage and after the determination of detailed specifications.IX. “Mass production vehicle” means a vehicle that is being formally manufactured for the purpose of sales or use on a production line in accordance with production drawings after completion of design and commercial realization.X. “Reference vehicle weight” means the curb weight of a motor vehicle plus 136 kg. The curb weight of a motor vehicle means the weight of the motor vehicle prior to loading with persons or cargo; the engine shall contain the designated lubricating oil, the radiator shall contain the designated coolant, the fuel tank shall contain the designated fuel, and the motor vehicle shall contain accessories (spare tire and tools) designated by the original manufacturer.XI. “Model year” means the calendar year in which vehicle manufacturer began producing the model in a large quantity.XII. “Alternative clean fuel” means a new formulation of gasoline, new formulation of diesel fuel, natural gas, LPG, hydrogen, methanol, ethanol or other fuel containing at least 85% alcohols. Article 3
Gasoline and clean alternative fuel engine exhaust emissions standards for Carbon monoxide (CO),Hydrocarbons (HC), Nitrogen oxides (NOx), Particulate matter (PM), and Particulate number (PN) derived from driving cycle testing and idle testing stipulated as the following: Article 3.pdf 
