Article 1
These Standards are determined pursuant to Article 20, Paragraph 2 of the Air Pollution Control Act. Article 2
Terms and Symbols used in these Standards are defined as followsI. “mg” means 1 milligram, equal to 0.001 grams.II. “Nm3” means a cubic meter at a temperature of 273 K and a pressure of 1 atmosphere.III. “ppm” means parts per million.IV. “C” means pollutant concentration corrected to Standard Oxygen Basis, measured in ng-TEQ/Nm3 ppm or mg/Nm3.V. “Q” means emission quantity corrected to Basic Oxygen Standard, measured in Nm3/min.VI. “Cs” means the measured pollutant concentration based on test method, not corrected to Standard Oxygen Basis, measured in ng-TEQ/Nm3 ppm or mg/Nm3.VII. “Os” means the actual measured oxygen concentration in emissions.VIII. “E” means the actual oxygen concentration of oxygen-enriched gases imported into incinerator.IX. “Variable one-hour average” means the average of continuously fluctuating values during a single hour. Article 3
For matters not provided in these Standards, the regulations of other relevant standards shall apply; however, Waste Incinerator Dioxin Control and Emission Standards shall be determined separately. Article 4
These Standards shall apply to stack emissions from general waste and industrial waste incinerators. Article 5
Should there be particular other emission regulations for air pollutants from industrial waste incinerators such as in the Methods and Facilities Standards for the Storage, Clearance and Disposal of Industrial Waste, the more stringent regulations shall apply. Article 6
In these Standards, the definitions of “general waste” and “industrial waste” are based on relevant regulations of the Waste Disposal Act. Pollutants produced by industrial units may be controlled in accordance with the General Waste Incinerator Emission Standards if the competent authority has authorized their disposal in a general waste incinerator. Article 7
“Handling capacity”, as refrerred to in these Standards, means the maximum weight of waste fed into the said incinerator per hour (regardless of whether wet or dry). Article 8
For values determined by these Standards view Table 1 and Table 2 Table 1 Waste Incinerator Air Pollutant Emissions Standards.pdfTable 2 Waste Incinerator Heavy Metal Air Pollutant Emissions Standards.pdf 
