Article 1
These guidelines are promulgated pursuant to the authority of Paragraph 3, Article 9 of the Midwifery Act. Article 2
Midwives who possess an appropriate midwifery certificate, who do not have any of the conditions listed in Paragraph 1, Article 10 of the Midwifery Act, may register to engage in midwifery. Article 3
Midwives, who wish to register to engage in midwifery, should complete an application form, include the following supporting documentation and pay the proscribed midwifery license fees, and submit them to their local health authority with jurisdiction over their city or country, to receive a midwifery license:1. The original and one copy of the midwifery certificate (after authentication the original will be returned).2. One copy of the applicant's personal identification documents.3. Two 1" frontal portrait photos taken from the waist-up without wearing headgear, taken within the past 3 months 4. Certification issued by the agency intends to practice.5. Membership certification from the local midwifery association with jurisdiction over the proposed location for providing services. 6. Certification of completion of all of the continuing education requirements specified in Paragraph 1, Article 8.Applicants, who meet one of the following criteria, may have waived the documentary provisions of the immediately preceding Sub-paragraph 6: 1) Applicants who have received their midwife certificate within the five years preceding their application for midwifery registration.2) Applicants who have already received their midwife certificate prior to these guidelines taking effect, and who apply for their midwifery operating license within five years from the effective date of these guidelines.3) Midwives who have suspended their practice and now apply to restart their practice, such application having been submitted within the effective operating approval time period dates for submitting a renewal of the original midwifery license.Midwifery operating license applications, required to provide proof of continuing education pursuant to Sub-paragraph 6, Paragraph 1 above, who are subject to any of the criteria below, may in lieu thereof submit proof of satisfactory completion of continuing education course requirements conforming to Paragraph 1, Article 8 and totaling 25 credits or more completed within one year of their application for license:1) An initial application for registration filed after these guidelines take effect by an applicant who has already had their midwifery certificate for more than five years.2) An applicant who has already received their midwifery certificate prior to the effective date of these guidelines and who applies for their initial registration after five years from the effective date of these guidelines.3) Midwifes who have suspended their practice for a continuous period in excess of two years. Article 4
Midwives, who apply for a renewal of their license, should apply within six months of the expiry of their current license, by completing a written application form and submitting the following documentation along with the required license fee, to the original administrative agency which issued their license for a license replacement:1. The original license2. Two 1" frontal portrait photos taken from the waist-up without wearing headgear, taken within the past 3 months3. Membership certification from the local midwifery association with jurisdiction over the proposed location for providing services.4. Certification of completion of all of the continuing education requirements specified in each sub-paragraph in Paragraph 1, Article 8. Article 5
The license expiration date for applicants who have obtained a midwife certificate for less than five years, who apply for a renewal license, shall be six years from the day after date of issuance of their original certificate.Applicants who have already received their midwife certificate prior to the effective date of these guidelines, and who apply for their license within five years of the effective date of these guidelines, shall be subject to renewal of their initial license not later than six years after the effective date for implementation of these guidelines.For midwifes who have suspended their practice and apply for a new license, the validity period of the new license shall not exceed that of their original license's expiration date, which will also be the date of expiry for the new license; for such applicants who apply after the expiry of their prior license period, the new license should expire six years after the date of license. But applicants licensed pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 3, shall have a license expiration date six years from the day after the date of issuance.Midwives, who apply for a renewal license, will receive a new license with an expiry date six years from the day after the date of expiration of the prior license. Article 6
Midwives whose license is destroyed or lost, shall submit an application form, and an affidavit, as well as the required license fee and two 1" frontal portrait photos taken from the waist-up without wearing headgear, taken within the past 3 months, to the original administrative agency which issued their license for re-issuance.Midwives, whose license is damaged, should submit an application form and the required license fee along with two 1" frontal portrait photos taken from the waist-up without wearing headgear, taken within the past 3 months, with the original license, to the original administrative agency which issued their license for a replacement. Article 7
Midwives, who apply to change their service location or to re-start their practice after a suspension, shall submit their original license, to the original administrative agency which issued the license for processing. Article 8
Practicing midwives should cumulatively complete 150 credits of the following continuing education requirements every six years: 1. Professional courses2. Professional quality3. Professional ethics4. Professional regulatory requirementsContinuing education course credits for Sub-paragraph 3 and 4 above should reach a minimum of 15 credits, and any credits in excess thereof shall also be counted as the maximum of 15, and should include courses in infection control and gender topics.Continuing education course credits for the above two Paragraphs, should be accredited by an organization appropriately delegated such accreditation responsibilities by the central administrative authorities. Article 9
Continuing education courses for midwives should be conducted and credits therefore determined as follows:1. Attendance at continuing education classes organized by medical colleges, medical associations, societies, trade unions, associations, teaching hospitals, or courses organized or sponsored by the central administrative authorities, should enjoy one credit for every classroom hour taught; course instructors shall receive 5 credits for every instructional hour taught.2. Participants in academic papers accepted by peer reviewed public midwifery conferences, shall receive 2 credits for every hour of participation; and paper presentation authors or poster authors, shall receive 3 credits for each paper or poster's first listed author, and one credit for every other listed author; special speakers shall receive 10 credits. For such events of an international nature, the credits awarded shall be double.3. Participants in academic papers accepted by peer reviewed public academic conferences sponsored by medical associations, societies, trade unions, or associations, shall receive 1 credit for every hour of participation; and paper presentation authors or poster authors, shall receive 2 credits for each paper or poster's first listed author, and one credit for every other listed author; special speakers shall receive 3 credits. For such events of an international nature, the credits awarded shall be double.4. Participants in teaching activities organized by accredited hospitals or interdisciplinary clinical discussion groups organized by the central administrative authorities or specialized lectures, shall receive one credit for every instructional hour; primary report authors or lecturers, shall receive 3 credits per event. A maximum of 50 credits may be accumulated by these means.5. Participants in online continuing education courses shall receive one credit per course. A maximum of 30 credits may be accumulated by these means.6. Participants in distance learning continuing education courses sponsored by midwifery, nursing, or medical journals, may receive two credits per course. A maximum of 30 credits may be accumulated by these means.7. Authors of original articles related to midwifery practice published by domestic or international midwifery or nursing journals, shall receive 16 credits for the first listed author/communicator, 6 credits for the second listed person, and 2 credits for all other listed persons; papers related to other fields will receive half as many credits. A maximum of 50 credits may be accumulated by these means. 8. Participants in continuing education courses at domestic or foreign universities or graduate colleges/research institutes shall receive 5 credits for every course credit, but semester credit hours shall not exceed 15 semester credits. 9. Instructors for health education promotion courses shall receive one credit per course, and a maximum of 15 credits may be accumulated by these means.10. Midwives who practice or are licensed abroad, may receive 25 credits for each such year.11. Short term training participants in courses at domestic or foreign midwifery training organizations (of less than a week in duration), may receive 2 credits for each day of coursework; long-term course participants (courses in excess of one week in duration) shall receive 5 credits per week. A maximum of 25 credits may be accumulated by these means.With the sole exception of Sub-paragraph 10 above, continuing education credits for midwives practicing in the outer island communities of the Peng-Hu, Kinmen, Matsu, Green Island, and Orchid Island, shall receive twice the stipulated credits; midwives practicing in other remote areas shall receive 1.5 times the stipulated credits. The preceding continuing education course credit accreditation, evaluation, and cumulative transcripts, shall be handled by organizations delegated such responsibilities by the central administrative authorities. Article 10
Organizations which apply to serve as delegated institutions responsible for continuing education course credit accreditation, evaluation and cumulate credit bank transcript providers of above two articles, should meet the following requirements:1. Be established as a nationwide midwifery association, society or trade union.2. Be established for more than three years.3. Be composed of membership which includes more than ten percent of all practicing registered midwives nationwide.Organizations which desire to serve as continuing education course credit accreditation, evaluation and cumulate credit bank transcript providers should complete an application including the following documentation and submit their operating plan to the central administrative authority for approval:1. Documents relating to the establishment of the organization, its articles of association, the current organizational status and member demographic profile information.2. Staffing, procedures, committee structures, job responsibilities, and committee meeting processes and rules for handling the midwifery continuing education course and credit accreditation and evaluation services.3. Supervision procedures and rules for midwifery continuing education course credits and accreditation processes. 4. Document archival procedures and credit bank practices for midwifery continuing education courses and cumulative transcripts of credits earned.5. Quality control procedures for midwifery continuing education courses.6. Service fee categories and amounts.7. Any other documentation deemed required by the central administrative authorities. Article 11
The central administrative authorities may undertake an on site review of the operations of any applicant organization which has applied under the previous Article to be a designated accreditation service. Article 12
Organizations approved by the central administrative authorities to serve as designated accreditation services under these provisions, shall provide services and receive fees which conform to their submitted plans for midwifery continuing education course credit accreditation and credit banking. Article 13
Approved organizations which become subject to any of the conditions below, may have their authorization terminated by the central administrative authority:1. Organizations which fail to adhere to their submitted plans for midwifery continuing education courses accreditation and credit banking, resulting in adverse operational consequences.2. Fail to charge the fees proscribed in their submitted plans 3. Avoid, hinder, or refuse to cooperate in supervision efforts by the central administrative authorities4. Fail to comply with the requirements of Sub-paragraph 3, Paragraph 1, Article X.For violations of the Sub-paragraph 1 preceding, where midwifery continuing education courses and credit banking were provided not in conformity to the rules, such accreditation decisions shall not be given effect. Organizations whose authorization has been terminated by the central administrative authorities pursuant to the authority of Paragraph 1 above, shall be ineligible to reapply for designation for a period of one year. Article 14
These guidelines shall be immediately effective from the date of promulgation. 
