Article 1
The Regulations are established in accordance with Article 21 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention. Article 2
In Article 2 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention, the category of "HIV-infected individuals" includes individuals who have shown and have not shown symptoms of HIV. Article 3
Medical personnel, upon detection of persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), when reporting to the local health authorities in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 5 of the Act, shall act in accordance with the following regulations:1. Fill in report of case of communicable diseaseThe contents of the report shall include such information as name of the person infected with HIV, identification card serial number, sex, date of birth, residence, date of testing, date of confirmation, institution of confirmation testing, risk factors of infection, and process of medical care.2. When person infected with HIV is confirmed of onset of disease, a separate report of case of AIDS shall be filled inThe contents of the report shall include detailed information such as name of patient, identification card serial number, sex, date of birth, registered residence, residence, site of onset, time of onset, process of medical care, clinical symptoms, time of testing and results, factors of infection, and sources of infection or contacts. Article 4
Health agencies of local governments shall place all HIV-infected individuals in its jurisdiction on file and monitor them. In addition, each of these health agencies shall visit these HIV-infected individuals periodically and arrange for these individuals to receive treatment and counseling. Article 4-1
The fees for testing and medical care for AIDS prescribed in Article 7 of the Act include the following:1. Fees for laboratory testing: fees for the testing of lymph corpuscle, volume of viruses, and other testing items announced by the central competent health authority.2. Fees for medical care: fees for medicines designated for AIDS at outpatient clinic or hospital care, fees for diagnosis by doctors, pharmaceutical service fees, fees for counseling follow-up of case, and other medical care fees announced by the central competent health authority. Article 5
The time frame specified in Article 8 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention, the time frame shall be 7 days for Article 8 Item 1 and shall be 20 days for Article 8 Item 2 and Item 3. Article 6
Medical institutions described in Article 8 and Article 10 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention will be selected and the list of their names will be announced by the health agency of the central government. Article 7
The free test described in Article 8 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention is an HIV test. All expenses for that HIV test shall be paid for by the corresponding local governmental health agency and, if necessary, may be paid for by the health agency of the central government. Article 8
When a police agency arrests a person committing pimping, molestation or prostitution as described in Article 9 Item 3 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention, said police agency shall notify the corresponding health agency of the local government, and that health agency shall then ask said person to accept instruction about the prevention of HIV and STDs. Article 9
Reasonable compensation described in Article 11 of the Regulations Governing AIDS Prevention include the following:1. Persons who are infected with HIV or show symptoms of HIV:Medical expenses, compensation for loss of income, and increase of living expenses and other non-material losses. 2. Persons who die due to HIV:Financial support for that person's relatives as mandated by law, other non-material losses and funeral expenses. The financial compensation that person received from other regulations or sources shall be included in the aforesaid compensations. Article 10
(Deleted) Article 11
The range of high-risk sexual activities described in Article 15 Item 4 of the Regulations Governing the AIDS Prevention are defined as:1. Having sexual contact with unsteady or different sexual mate or partner;2. Sexual contacts without proper protection, allowing direct contact of genital membranes and exchange of bodily fluids; excluding protected sex or safe sex. Article 12
The Regulations will become effective after promulgation. 
