Article 1
These Rules are laid down pursuant to Article 63 of the Psychologists’ Act (referred to as “this Act” hereafter). Article 1-1
The internship for at least one year with qualified results, as mentioned in Paragraph 1, Article 2 of this Act, refers to completion of the required items and number of weeks or hours of internship specified in Article 1-4 at a medical care institution that has passed the teaching hospital accreditation and is accredited to offer practical training in clinical psychology, passing the examinations, and holding a certificate issued by that institution.For the internship mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the medical care institution may arrange interns to carry out internship for a period no more than half of the total weeks or hours required at an institution for clinical psychologists’ practice as specified by the central competent authority. Article 1-2
The internship for at least one year with qualified results, as mentioned in Paragraph 2, Article 2 of this Act, refers to completion of the required items and number of weeks or hours of internship specified in Article 1-5 at a medical care institution that has passed the teaching hospital accreditation and is accredited to offer practical training in counseling psychology, or at an institution for counseling psychologists’ practice as specified by the central competent authority, passing the examinations, and holding a certificate issued jointly by that institution and the university at which the student is enrolled. Article 1-3
The recognition of internship as provided in the two preceding articles shall not apply to students who were enrolled at the college, faculty or division of an university specified in Article 2 of this Act before the enforcement of the amendment to these Rules on June 28, 2011. Article 1-4
Internship stipulated in Paragraph 1, Article 2 of this Act shall include all of the following practical training programs:1. Psychological assessment of general mental state and functions2. Psychological counseling and psychotherapy for deviation and disturbances in psychological development, social adaptation or cognition, emotions, behaviors, etc.3. Psychological counseling and psychotherapy for neurosis4. Psychological assessment and psychotherapy for psychosis5. Psychological assessment and psychotherapy for cerebral mental functions6. Other elective items relating to clinical psychologyThe internship mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be conducted under the supervision of a clinical psychologist who has been practicing for two years, or more; the number of weeks or hours of internship shall total 48 weeks or 1920 hours, or more. Article 1-5
Internship stipulated in Paragraph 2, Article 2 of this Act shall include all of the following practical training programs:1. Individual, marriage or family counseling and psychotherapy2. Group counseling and psychotherapy3. Case evaluation and psychological assessment4. Psychological counseling, mental health education and preventive promotion work5. Professional administration for counseling psychology institutions or agencies6. Other elective items relating to counseling psychology, including psychological counseling and psychotherapy for neurosis, crisis management or case managementThe internship mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be conducted under the supervision of a counseling psychologist who has been practicing for two years, or more; the number of weeks or hours of internship shall total 43 weeks or 1500 hours, or more; duration of the practical training mentioned in Subparagraphs 1 to 3 above shall total 9 weeks or 360 hours, or more. Article 1-6
The required number of weeks or hours of practical training stated in the two preceding articles shall not include night-shift duty and duty on holidays, and shall be undertaken continuously as a full-time job. Article 1-7
Those who have studied in the clinical (or counseling) psychology institute, faculty, division or related psychological study institute of an overseas university or college specified in Article 2 of this Act, majoring in clinical (or counseling) psychology, have obtained a doctoral degree and the respective psychologist certificate, and have completed the practical training equivalent to those listed in Articles 1-4 and 1-5 in their doctoral program of study overseas may apply to the central competent authority for a case-by-case examination. With the overseas psychologist certificate they obtained, they may apply for deduction of the number of weeks or hours of practical training as laid down in Paragraph 2 of Article 1-4 or Paragraph 2 of Article 1-5. However, the number of weeks or hours to be deducted shall not exceed two-thirds of the required number.For the abovementioned case-by-case examination, the central competent authority shall invite the relevant psychologists, psychological experts and scholars, and representatives from relevant organizations for its execution. Of these people, the total number of psychologists, psychological experts and scholars shall not be less than half of the constituents. Article 2
To apply for issuance of the clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist certificate pursuant to Article 4 of this Act, an application shall be submitted to the central competent authority by completing an application form, attaching the Examination Passing Certificate for clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist from the Examination Yuan, and paying the certificate fee. Article 3
In case of loss or missing of the clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist certificate, a re-issuance application shall be submitted to the central competent authority by completing an application form and paying the certificate fee.In case of damage to the clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist certificate, a replacement application shall be submitted to the central competent authority by completing an application form, paying the certificate fee, and attaching the original certificate. Article 4
Calculation of the clinical practical training experience mentioned in Paragraph 2 of Article 7 and Paragraph 3 of Article 20 of this Act includes only the years of practice with a clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist certificate and a practice license. However, the years of experience of actual practice in an institution announced and recognized by the central competent authority before the promulgation and enforcement of this Act shall be included in the calculation. Article 5
When reporting shutdown or suspension of a psychologist’s practice pursuant to Paragraph 1, Article 11 of this Act, a completed application form shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the practice license, along with the practice license and relevant documents, for processing according to the following provisions:1. Shutdown: The practice registration and practice license will be annulled.2. Suspension: The practice license will be returned after the date and reason of suspension are registered. Article 6
When a clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist applies for establishment of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic pursuant to Paragraph 4, Article 20 of this Act, an application shall be submitted to the local competent authority of the municipality, city or county for approval of registration, by completing an application form, attaching the following documents and paying the establishment license fee:1. Floor plan of the building2. Certificate and document for legal use of the building3. Certificate and document proving the qualifications specified in Paragraph 3, Article 20 of this Act4. Clinical psychologist or counseling psychologist certificate and a photocopy of it (The original will be returned after being verified.)5. Personal I.D. card and a photocopy of it (The original will be returned after being verified.)6. Other documents to be submitted according to the regulationsRegarding the abovementioned application, the municipal, city or county competent authority shall issue an establishment license after dispatching someone for on-site inspection, and verifying the clinic’s compliance with the regulations. Article 7
When the establishment license of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic is lost or missing, a re-issuance application shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the establishment license by completing an application form and paying the establishment license fee.When the establishment license is damaged, a replacement application shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the establishment license by completing an application form, paying the establishment license fee, and attaching the original establishment license. Article 8
For approval of the establishment registration of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic pursuant to Paragraph 4, Article 20 of this Act, the municipal, city or county competent authority shall register the following:1. Name, address and the establishment license number2. The principal psychologist’s name, date of birth, certificate number, and practice license number3. Number of clinical psychologist(s) and counseling psychologist(s) practicing in the clinic, their names, dates of birth, certificate numbers, and practice license numbers4. Other matters to be registered according to the regulationsIn case of changes in the items of registration, a report shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the establishment license for approval of the alteration registration within 30 days from the occurrence of the change pursuant to Paragraph 2, Article 23 of this Act. Article 9
When reporting the shutdown or suspension of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic pursuant to Paragraph 1, Article 23 of this Act, a completed application form shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the establishment license, along with the establishment license and relevant documents, for processing in accordance with the following provisions:1. Shutdown: The establishment registration and establishment license will be annulled.2. Suspension: The establishment license will be returned after the date and reason of suspension have been noted down on it. Article 10
For relocation of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic, an application for approval of establishment registration shall be re-submitted, and an establishment license shall be obtained pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 23 of this Act before the relocation.For resumption of practice of a psychotherapy clinic or psychological counseling clinic after application of suspension or expiration of punitive suspension, an application shall be submitted to the original agency issuing the establishment license along with the original establishment license pursuant to Paragraph 3, Article 23 of this Act. The license issuing agency shall dispatch someone to conduct an on-site inspection, verify that the clinic is in compliance with the provisions regarding establishment standards of psychotherapy clinics or psychological counseling clinics, and then note down the date of business resumption on its establishment license before the resumption takes place. Article 11
When a psychotherapy clinic or a psychological counseling clinic is shut down or suspended, or subject to the punishment of suspension, revocation or annulment of establishment license, the clinical psychologists or counseling psychologists practicing in it shall conduct shutdown, suspension or change of practicing location pursuant to Paragraph 1 or Paragraph 2, Article 11 of this Act. Article 12
When a psychotherapy clinic or a psychological counseling clinic is shut down or subject to the punishment of revocation or annulment of establishment license, the original signboard shall be pulled down. Article 13
When carrying out an inspection or collecting information pursuant to Article 29 of this Act, the competent authority’s officers shall show their identity proof. Article 14
The municipal, city or county competent authority shall formulate a plan for implementing supervision and evaluation (at least once a year) on the business of psychotherapy clinics and psychological counseling clinics within its jurisdiction, and the plan shall be reported to the central competent authority for future reference.Relevant agencies or organizations may be commissioned to carry out the supervision and evaluation mentioned in the preceding paragraph when necessary. Article 15
Passing the examination for public clinical psychologists as mentioned in Paragraph 5, Article 61 of this Act means passing the examinations in clinic psychology and for clinical psychologists, or passing the written examination for public clinical psychologists of the 2001 Civil Service Level 3 Senior Examination. Article 16
The formats of the certificate, practice license, establishment license and application forms specified in this Act and these Rules shall be laid down by the central competent authority. Article 17
These Rules come into effect on the date of promulgation. 
