Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Article 76 of the Communicable Disease Control Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The immunization mentioned in the Act refers to the measures of inoculating vaccines in human bodies either to prevent the occurrence of diseases or alleviate the conditions of infection.The vaccines mentioned in the Act refer to active and passive immunological preparations needed for immunization or disease control. Article 3
Specific measures of the investigations mentioned in the Act are as follows:1. Investigation of infections: refers to all measures taken to understand the source of infection, history of contact, history of traveling of cases of communicable disease reported and also whether there are suspected cases; 2. Epidemiological investigation: refers to all measures taken to understand the causes, prevalence, and modes of transmission of communicable diseases; 3. Vector investigation: refers to all measures taken to understand the kinds, density, and increase and decline of vectors in a locality; 4. Other investigations: refer to all measures taken other than the investigations mentioned in the above three subparagraphs to understand the situations and causes of the occurrence of communicable diseases or others. Article 4
The laboratory testing mentioned in the Act refers to the act of laboratory testing, assessment, or other necessary examinations of specimens concerned by laboratories in order to confirm diagnosis or to study and appraise disease situations. Article 5
The epidemic areas mentioned in the Act refer to either the international or domestic epidemic areas announced either by the central or local competent authorities in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 8 of the Act, where communicable diseases are prevalent or infections have been reported. Article 5-1
The communications media referred to in the Act include printed or electronic media, the Internet, and wires, wireless, satellite or other electronic transmission devices that are used to transmit sound, images, words or data. The person(s) presenting erroneous or untrue information referred to in the Act in accordance with the regulations of Article 9 of the Act include both natural person and juristic person. Article 6
The various food and beverages, animals, or animal remains likely to be vectors of communicable diseases mentioned in Article 23 of the Act, refer to those that are decided by competent authorities through investigations or laboratory testing likely to transmit diseases to humans. Article 7
The notification made by local competent authorities in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 2, Article 25 of the Act, shall be in writing.Under emergency circumstances, however, this regulation does not apply. Article 8
The notification made by local competent authorities in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 38 of the Act, may be in writing, orally, or through transmission of electronic information. Article 9
Medical care institutions not designated as isolation care institutions, upon detection of patients of various categories of communicable diseases requiring isolation care are detected, shall handle the matter in coordination with competent authorities at various levels in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 44 of the Act, and refer patients in accordance with regulations of the Medical Care Act and other relevant laws and regulations. Article 10
“Necessary” in this Act of Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1 of Article 44 means when there is a danger that patients with communicable diseases may pass the infection to others.The costs for the isolation care of patients of various communicable diseases to be paid by the central competent authority regulated by Paragraph 3, Article 44 of the Act, refer to medical costs approved and paid in accordance with the service payment items and payment schedules for medical costs of the National Health Insurance, and meals in the isolation care institutions.If patients of communicable diseases are bearers of family livelihood and their isolation care will have negative impact on family livelihood, competent authorities may provide relief fund in accordance with relevant regulations. Article 11
When competent authorities take necessary actions such as detention for examination, testing, or immunization, in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 48 of the Act, care shall be given to the body and reputation of the persons concerned.Any action shall not exceed necessary level. Article 12
Medical institutions or their competent authorities, when performing necessary disinfection or other adequate treatments in accordance with regulations of Article 49 of the Act, shall take relevant measures, by the kinds of communicable diseases and their specific natures of transmission, such as clean-up, disinfection, sterilization, vector control, and disposal of infectious wastes, on sites and articles inside and outside the hospital wards originally occupied by the patient or in his/her residence that are likely to be contaminated by body fluids, secretions and excretions. Article 13
Medical institutions, when performing disinfection or other necessary treatments in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 50 of the Act, shall follow relevant regulations of infection control; remains of persons who have died of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases shall be given terminal disinfection; personnel concerned shall wear personal protection robes and devices to prevent infection during the course of nursing care at deathbed, terminal disinfection, transportation of remains, pathological autopsy, and putting the corpse in the coffin.The same applies to competent authorities handling remains of persons in community who have died of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases.The remains of persons mentioned in the above Paragraph, if they have died of suspected communicable diseases of Category 1 or emerging communicable diseases, shall first be wrapped in protective corpse bags, kept at adequate place and properly iced, and handled as soon as possible. Article 14
The 24-hour requirement regulated by Paragraph 4, Article 50 of the Act, begins at:1. When the corpse is performed pathological autopsy by the central competent authority in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 2, Article 50 of the Act, from the time the autopsy is completed;2. If no such case of the preceding Subparagraph, from the time the doctor issues death certificate, or the prosecuting authorities issue certificate for the examination of remains.The deep burial by regulations mentioned in Paragraph 4, Article 50 of the Act, refers to that the surface of the deeply buried coffin shall be more than one meter and twenty centimeters deep under the ground. Article 15
The central competent authority shall, prior to performing pathological autopsy examination, in accordance with the regulations of Paragraph 2, and Paragraph 3, Article 50 of the Act, in collaboration with local competent authorities, fully and accurately communicate with family members of the deceased before a notice for pathological autopsy examination of remains of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases, or of suspected death due to hazards of immunization, and deliver the notice to the family of the deceased. Article 16
For the need of the control of communicable diseases, the central competent authority may entrust its subordinate Center for Disease Control to conduct the following matters:1. Matters concerning the management of infectious biological materials and bio safety of laboratories according to the regulations of Article 34 of the Act; 2. In accordance with the regulations of Paragraph 4, Article 39 of the Act, require medical institutions, physicians, or forensic medicine physicians to provide within a definite time, relevant information of patients of communicable diseases or cases showing adverse reaction due to potential hazards of immunization; 3. The collection of specimens for testing of communicable diseases in Subparagraph 1, Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act, and the relevant inspection authority management provisions of Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1 of Article 46 of the Act.4. Conduct matters related to the pathological autopsy examinations of remains died of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases or of suspected death due to hazards of immunization in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 2, Paragraph 3, Article 50 of the Act; 5. Conduct matters related to the quarantine of international and designated special ports in accordance with regulations of Article 58 through Article 60 of the Act. Article 17
This set of Regulations shall be implemented on the day of announcement. 
