Article 1
These Rules are enacted in accordance with Article 30 of the Health Food Control Act (hereinafter referred to as "Act"). Article 2
For the purposes of paragraph 2 of Article 6 of the Act, the term "specific nutrient" shall denote substance with definite health care effects and so identified by the central competent authority. Article 3
(Deleted) Article 4
(Deleted) Article 5
(Deleted) Article 6
(Deleted) Article 7
Where the name, label, packaging, design, labeling etc. of health food is suspected, during the processing of the application for product registration or after a permit has been issued, of counterfeiting or insinuating another person's registered trademark, the central competent authroity shall order that correction be made or other necessary measures be taken within a prescribed time limit. Article 8
For the purposes of the second paragraph of Article 10 of the Act, the phrase "conform to good manufacturing practices of the country of origin" shall denote that imported heatlh food shall conform to the good manufacturing practices set by the competent authroity of the country of origin.Such practices shall be equivalent to that mentioned in the first paragraph of the same article. Article 9
For the purposes of Article 11 of the Act, the term "sanitation standards" as in the phrase "health food containers and packaging shall meet the sanitation standards" shall denote the relevant standards prescribed by the central competent authroity in accordance with the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation. Article 10
The contamination by pathogens as in subparagraph 2, permissible tolerances of residual pesticides as in subparagraph 3, permissible tolerances of nuclear fallout or radioactivity as in subparagraph 4, and substances or foreign matters detrimental to human health as in subparagraph 7 of Article 12 of the Act shall be governed by the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation and the relevant regulations. Article 11
For the purposes of subparagraph 6 of Article 12 of the Act, the phrase "exceed the shelf life" shall denote that the shelf life has passed the expiry date mentioned in subparagraph 4 of the first paragraph of Article 13 of the Act. Article 12
The material facts to be labeled on health food pursuant to subparagraphs 1 to 5 and 9 of the first paragraph of Article 13 of the Act shall be governed by the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation and the relevant regulations.The characters to be labeled pursuant to subparagraphs 6 to 8 of the first paragraph of Article 13 of the Act shall be governed by the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation and the relevant regulations. Article 13
These Rules shall be implemented as of their being promulgated. 
