Article 1
The Regulations are stipulated and issued under Paragraph 4 of Article 4 of the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
In the Regulations, the term “risk assessment” of food safety, shall be based on scientific data, as depicted in accordance with hazard identification, hazard characterization, exposure assessment, and risk characterization. Article 3
The mission of the Food Safety Risk Assessment Advisory Committee (hereinafter referred to as “the Committee”) is to perform consultation and recommendation on food safety risk assessment based on the principles of scientific evidence, precaution, and information transparency, relating to the following matters:1.Risk assessment on food safety and related hazardous substances.2.Policy determination and strategy setting.3.Program deliberation.4.Amendment of guidelines.5.Operation implementation.6.Related promotional activities. Article 4
The Committee is made up of 15 ~ 19 members as appointed by the Minister of the Health and Welfare (hereinafter referred to as the “Minister”), which consists of experts and scholars specializing in food safety, toxicology and risk assessment, and representatives of civil societies in related domains.With regard to the members of the Committee in the preceding paragraph, the quorum of either gender shall not be less than one-third of the total number of its members. The Committee must include a convener and a vice-convener, as appointed by the Minister.A member of the Committee will be appointed for a term of 3 years, with eligibility for reappointment. Those members who are unable to complete the term prescribed above for whatever reasons may be additionally appointed as adjunct members, which the term of the successor will be ended as the term of its predecessor. Article 5
The affairs and tasks of the Committee shall be performed by the executive secretary and designated workers as appointed by the Minister from the personnel of the Food and Drug Administration (hereinafter referred to as the “FDA”). Article 6
A meeting shall be held semiannually, and an interim meeting may be convened as deemed necessary. The meeting requires the attendance of at least half of the members in order to commence. Article 7
The convener shall be the chairperson, and the vice-convener may be the acting chairperson if the convener fails to attend the meeting. When both convener and vice-convener fail to attend the meeting, the convener may designate one of members as the chairperson, or in a situation where the convener is unable to designate, the chairperson may be elected by all attending members. Article 8
The Administrative Procedure Act shall apply to the avoidance affairs for the members of the Committee. Article 9
The meeting may, when necessary, invite guest delegation of experts, scholars, representatives of agencies and groups, as well as authorities of the FDA to attend. Article 10
The members and participants attending the meetings shall not disclose any information about the meeting minutes, members’ opinion as shared, or any remarks concluded, in any means pursuant to the duty of confidentiality.Any information related to the meeting as mentioned in the preceding paragraph may only be made available to the public after being approved by the FDA under administrative procedures. Article 11
Members of the Committee shall exercise its functions independently, free from any interference. Article 12
The Regulations shall be implemented on the date of promulgation. 
