Chapter 1General ProvisionsArticle 1　 R.O.C. nationals who have passed the medical radiation technologist examination and obtained the Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate pursuant to this Act may be qualified as medical radiation technologists.R.O.C. nationals who have passed the medical radiological technologist examination or review before the implementation of this Act may apply for the Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate pursuant to this Act, and be qualified as medical radiation technologists.Article 2　 R.O.C. nationals who have passed the medical radiological technician examination or review before the implementation of this Act may apply for the Medical Radiological Technician Certificate pursuant to this Act, and be qualified as medical radiological technicians.Article 3　 The health competent authorities referred to in this Act are: the Department of Health, Executive Yuan, at the central government level; the municipal governments at the municipal level; the county (or city) governments at the county (or city) level.Article 4　 Application for the issuance of the Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate or Medical Radiological Technician Certificate shall be submitted to the central health competent authority with an application form and the qualification documents.Article 5　 Those who have not obtained a Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate or Medical Radiological Technician Certificate may not assume the title of a Medical Radiation Technologist or Medical Radiological Technician.Article 6　 Those who were subject to the penalty of annulment of the Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate or Medical Radiological Technician Certificate may not work as a Medical Radiation Technologist or Medical Radiological Technician.Chapter 2PracticeArticle 7　 To practice as a medical radiation technologist, one shall apply to the health competent authority at the local municipality or county (or city) for practice registration, and shall obtain a practice license before commencing practice.Medical radiation technologists shall receive specified hours of continued education every six years to be eligible for renewal of the practice license.The qualifications, conditions and documents required for the application for practice registration mentioned in Paragraph 1; the issuance, renewal, replacement and update of the practice license; the course content, credits, method of execution of the continued education mentioned in the preceding paragraph, and the accreditation of the completion of continued education; as well as regulations for other compliance matters shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Medical radiation technologists who have obtained a practice license pursuant to the provision in Paragraph 1 are not required to apply for the training certificate or relevant operation license in relation to ionizing radiation as stipulated by relevant laws and regulations.Article 8　 Practice license shall not be issued and the license already issued shall be revoked or annulled in any one of the following conditions:1. The Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate is annulled.2. The medical radiation technologist practice license is annulled for less than one year.3. The person has suffered from mental disease or in physical or mental disorder, and is confirmed by the health competent authority to be incapable of practicing.When the cause of the condition mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of the preceding paragraph no longer exists, the person may still apply for a practice license pursuant to this Act.For confirmation of the condition mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1, the health competent authority shall designate a relevant medical specialist for authentication.Article 9　 A medical radiation technologist shall practice in one location only, and shall practice in a medical care institution or medical radiological institution approved by and registered with the local health competent authority, or other institutions recognized by the health competent authority. However, inter-institutional support or condition with prior approval is not subject to this restriction.Article 10 　 In the event of suspension or termination of the medical radiation technologist practice, a report to the original license-issuing authority shall be made for reference within 30 days from the occurrence.The duration of suspension of practice mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be limited to one year only; termination of practice shall be processed for suspension over one year.Provisions concerning the practice are applicable to changes of a medical radiation technologist’s practicing location or reinstatement of practice.In case of death of a medical radiation technologist, the practice license shall be annulled by the original issuing authority.Article 11 　 When they practice, medical radiation technologists or medical radiological technicians shall join the local association for medical radiation technologists or association for medical radiological technicians.Associations for medical radiation technologists or associations for medical radiological technicians may not refuse the membership application by qualified applicants.Article 12 　 Businesses of medical radiation technologists include:1. General radiography for diagnostic radiology.2. Nuclear medical in-vitro examination.3. Special radiography and imaging for diagnostic radiology.4. Radiotherapy.5. Imaging and in-vivo analysis and examination for nuclear medical diagnosis.6. Nuclear medical therapy.7. MRI and non-ionizing radiation imaging.8. Other tasks identified by the central health competent authority.For a medical radiation technologist to carry out businesses as stated in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding paragraph, an examination slip issued by a physician is required. However, this does not apply to self-paid examinations at medical care radiological clinics; businesses stated in Subparagraphs 3 to 8 of the preceding paragraph shall be conducted together with a physician.Radiography and imaging mentioned in all subparagraphs of Paragraph 1 shall include the acquisition, processing and quality control of the image.The proviso stated in Paragraph 2 shall be put on trial run for five years from the date this Act is promulgated and implemented. Review shall be made at the end of the trial run.Article 13 　 When there is doubt in processing the examination slip issued by a physician, a medical radiation technologist shall consult and confirm with the physician who issued the examination slip before carrying out the examination. Moreover, the examination shall be conducted according to the items listed on the examination slip, with no alteration of the examination items at discretion.The examination slip mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be carried out in one instance; after execution of the examination, the medical radiation technologist shall sign or affix seal on the examination slip, and mark the execution time.Article 14 　 When carrying out businesses, a medical radiation technologist shall make records, clearly stating the following:1. Name, sex, date of birth and address of the patient.2. Condition and time of radiographic examination or treatment.3. Name of the physician and content of the examination.Article 15 　 When being inquired by the health authority, judicial authority or police agency, medical radiation technologists shall not make false statement or report.Article 16 　 Businesses of medical radiological technicians include:1. General radiography for diagnostic radiology.2. Nuclear medical in-vitro examination.3. Special radiography and imaging for diagnostic radiology.4. Radiotherapy.5. Imaging and in-vivo analysis and examination for nuclear medical diagnosis.6. Nuclear medical treatment.For a medical radiological technician to carry out businesses as stated in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding paragraph, an examination slip issued by a physician is required. However, this does not apply to self-paid examinations at medical care radiological clinics. Businesses stated in Subparagraphs 3 to 6 of the preceding paragraph shall be conducted together with a physician.Radiography and imaging mentioned in all subparagraphs of Paragraph 1 shall include the acquisition, processing and quality control of the image.The proviso stated in Paragraph 2 shall be put on trial run for five years from the date this Act is promulgated and implemented. Review shall be made at the end of the trial run.Article 17 　 The provisions in this Chapter concerning the practice of medical radiation technologists are applicable to medical radiological technicians’ execution of businesses mentioned in the preceding article.Chapter 3Medical Care Radiological ClinicsArticle 18 　 Application for the establishment of a medical care radiological clinic shall be submitted to the local health competent authority for approval and registration, after which an establishment license will be issued and the clinic may be established.Standards for the establishment of a medical care radiological clinic shall be laid down by the central health competent authority upon consultation with the Atomic Energy Council, Executive Yuan and other related agencies.Article 19 　 Applicant with one of the following qualifications may apply for the establishment of a medical care radiological clinic:1. Medical radiation technologists who have practiced for at least two years at medical care institutions specified by the central health competent authority.2. Medical radiation technologists or medical radiological technicians who have started their practice or institution before December 31, 1990, and their institution’s radiation safety has passed the examination of the Atomic Energy Council, Executive Yuan, and registration is granted.For calculation of the experience as mentioned in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding paragraph, only those who have obtained Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate or Medical Radiological Technician Certificate and who have registered their practice with health competent authorities in municipality or county (or city) are applicable. However, for those who have been practicing before the promulgation of this Act, the actual years of experience can be included.Article 20 　 The applicant who applies for the establishment of a medical care radiological clinic shall be the principal of the clinic; he/she shall bear supervisory responsibility over the clinic’s business.Article 20-1　 When a medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician in charge of a medical care radiological clinic fails to carry out his/her responsibility for a reason, he/she shall designate a qualified acting principal. If the acting duration shall exceed one month, a report shall be made to the original license-issuing authority for reference.The acting duration mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall not exceed one year at maximum.Article 21 　 The use or alteration of the name of a medical care radiological clinic shall be approved by the health competent authority.Non-medical care radiological clinic shall not use the name of a medical care radiological clinic or any similar name.Article 21-1　 A medical care radiological clinic shall not use the following name:1. The name of another registered medical care radiological clinic in the same municipality or county (or city).2. A name same as or similar to the name of a medical care radiological clinic with establishment license annulled less than one year or a clinic subject to the penalty of practice suspension within the same municipality or county (or city).3. A name that may easily mislead people into thinking the clinic is related to a government agency or charitable organization, or a name that may harm public order or good social customs.Article 22 　 Suspension or termination of a medical care radiological clinic or alteration of the registration items shall be reported to the original license-issuing authority for reference within 30 days from the occurrence.Provisions concerning the establishment of medical care radiological clinics are applicable to the moving or reinstatement of a clinic.Article 23 　 A medical care radiological clinic shall display its establishment license, fee standards and certificate of its medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician at a visible place in the clinic.Article 24 　 A medical care radiological clinic shall be kept clean and tidy, orderly and peaceful, and shall not impede public health and safety.Article 25 　 A medical care radiological clinic shall designate an appropriate location and person for keeping the medical radiological records and the examination slips issued by physicians for at least three years.Article 26 　 The fee standards of a medical care radiological clinic shall be verified by the municipal or county (or city) health competent authority.Article 27 　 A detailed fees list shall be made for the fees charged by a medical care radiological clinic, and receipts shall be issued.Medical care radiological clinics shall not violate the fee standards and overcharge.Article 28 　 Advertisements of a medical care radiological clinic shall include no more than the following content:1. Name, establishment license number, address, telephone number and traffic information of the medical care radiological clinic.2. Name and certificate number of its medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician.3. Other items that are allowed to be published or publicized according to the announcements of the central health competent authority.Article 29 　 Medical radiology advertisements shall not be placed by a non-medical care radiological clinic.Article 30 　 Medical care radiological clinics shall not fetch in businesses inappropriately.Article 31 　 Medical care radiological clinics shall submit reports in accordance with the laws and regulations or upon notifications of the health competent authority; they shall also accept the health competent authority’s inspection and information collection request on their staff, equipment, sanitation, safety, fees, operation, etc.Article 32 　 Medical radiation technologists, medical radiological technicians or staff at medical care radiological clinics shall not disclose the personal confidential information of others that comes to their knowledge or they hold because of performing their job.Chapter 4Rewards and PenaltiesArticle 33 　 Regulations concerning rewards for medical radiation technologists or medical radiological technicians shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 34 　 Those who execute medical radiology business without a medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate or with the medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate annulled are subject to imprisonment below three years, in addition to a fine between NT0,000 and NT50,000. However, this does not apply to medical radiology students who serve internship under supervision of a medical radiation technologist at a medical care institution, or graduates within six months from the date when the graduation certificate is obtained.For convicts of the abovementioned offense that leads to death or serious injury, the punishment shall be aggravated by 50% pursuant to the Criminal Code.Article 35 　 Medical radiation technologists violating Subparagraph 2 of Article 12 or medical radiological technicians violating Subparagraph 2 of Article 16 shall be subject to imprisonment below two years, in addition to a fine between NT0,000 and NT50,000.For convicts of the abovementioned offense that leads to death or serious injury, the punishment shall be aggravated by 50% pursuant to the Criminal Code.Convicts of the offenses mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs shall be subject to an additional penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year. In serious circumstances, the practice license or medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate may be annulled.Article 36 　 If a medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician leases out his/her certificate for others’ use, the medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate shall be annulled; in case that criminal liability is involved, it shall be referred to the competent prosecution office for legal proceeding.Article 37 　 In case of one of the following conditions, the medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000; in serious circumstances, an additional penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year or annulment of practice license shall be imposed; if criminal liability is involved, the case shall be referred to the competent prosecution office for legal proceeding:1. Violation of Article 15.2. Illegal or improper business behavior.Article 38 　 Those violating Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 7, Article 9, Paragraph 1 or 3 of Article 10, Paragraph 1 of Article 11, Paragraph 2 of Article 13 or Article 14 shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.On top of the penalty provided in the preceding paragraph, those violating Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 7, Paragraph 1 or 3 of Article 10 or Paragraph 1 of Article 11 will be given a deadline by which improvement shall be made; the third violation after being penalized and ordered to make improvement shall result in the penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year.If an association for medical radiation technologists or association for medical radiological technicians violates Paragraph 2 of Article 11, it shall be subject to the civil association competent authority’s penalty of a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.Article 39 　 A medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician who continues to practice while under the penalty of practice suspension, his/her practice license shall be annulled; and should he/she continues to practice while his/her practice license is being annulled, his/her Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate or Medical Radiological Technician Certificate may be annulled.Article 40 　 In any one of the following conditions, a medical care radiological clinic shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000; in serious cases, its establishment license may be annulled:1. Allow a person who hasn’t obtained a medical radiation technologist or medical radiological technician certificate or whose certificate is annulled to carry out medical radiology work without permission.2. Fail to suspend business while under the penalty of practice suspension.Article 41 　 Those violating Paragraph 1 of Article 20-1, Paragraph 1 of Article 21, Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 22, Articles 23 to 25, Paragraph 1 of Article 27, Article 31 or those failing to fulfill the standard set down in Paragraph 2 of Article 18 shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.On top of the penalty provided in the preceding paragraph, those violating Paragraph 1 of Article 20-1, Paragraph 1 of Article 21, Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 22, Article 23, Article 24 or those failing to fulfill the standard set down in Paragraph 2 of Article 18 will be given a deadline by which improvement shall be made; failing to make improvement by the deadline shall result in the penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year.Article 42 　 Those violating Article 5, Paragraph 1 of Article 18, Paragraph 2 of Article 21, Paragraph 3 of Article 22, Paragraph 2 of Article 27, Articles 28 to 30 or Article 32 shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000.On top of the penalty provided in the preceding paragraph, those violating Paragraph 2 of Article 27 will be given a deadline by which the overcharged fees shall be returned to the patients concerned; failing to return the overcharged fees to the patients by the deadline shall result in the penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year or annulment of the establishment license.Article 43 　 When the principal of a medical care radiological clinic is penalized for practice suspension or annulment of practice license, practice suspension or annulment of establishment license shall also be imposed on his/her medical care radiological clinic at the same time.When a medical care radiological clinic is penalized for practice suspension or annulment of establishment license, practice suspension or annulment of practice license shall also be imposed on its principal at the same time.Article 44 　 If a medical care radiological clinic continues its practice while its establishment license is being annulled, the principal’s medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate may be annulled.Article 45 　 For fines imposed on a medical care radiological clinic as provided in this Act, its principal shall be liable for the penalty.Article 46 　 Penalties including fines, suspension of practice, revocation or annulment of practice license or establishment license as provided in this Act shall be executed by the municipal or county (or city) health competent authority, unless otherwise stipulated in this Act; annulment of medical radiation technologist’s or medical radiological technician’s certificate shall be executed by the central health competent authority.Article 47 　 (Deleted)Chapter 5AssociationsArticle 48 　 The competent authority in charge of associations for medical radiation technologists is the civil association competent authority, but the target business shall be subject to the guidance and supervision of the health competent authority.Article 49 　 Associations for medical radiation technologists include municipal and county (or city) associations; and a National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists may be established.Article 50 　 Jurisdictions of the associations for medical radiation technologists shall be in accordance with the existing administrative regions. Within the same region, only one same-level association is allowed.Article 51 　 Municipal or county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists shall be organized at the initiation of 21 or more medical radiation technologists within the jurisdiction; in regions with less than 21 medical radiation technologists, the medical radiation technologists may join the association of a neighboring region.Article 52 　 Establishment of National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists shall be initiated by municipal and at least seven county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists that have finished the organization procedures.Article 53 　 Associations for medical radiation technologists shall have directors and supervisors, which shall be elected by the members (or member representatives) in the general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting. A Board of Directors and a Board of Supervisors shall also be instituted, with the number of Board members as follows:1. Directors of municipal or county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists shall not exceed 27.2. Directors of National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists shall not exceed 35.3. Number of directors of associations for medical radiation technologists at all levels shall not exceed one half of the total members (or member representatives).4. Number of supervisors of associations for medical radiation technologists at all levels shall not exceed one third of the number of the associations’ directors.Associations for medical radiation technologists at all levels may have alternate directors and alternate supervisors, of which the number shall not exceed one third of the number of the respective association’s directors and supervisors.When the numbers of directors and supervisors are above three, executive directors and executive supervisors may be mutually elected, respectively. The numbers of executive directors and executive supervisors shall not exceed one third of the total directors or supervisors, and one of the executive directors shall be elected as the chairman by the directors. If there is no executive director, a chairman shall be chosen by mutual election from among the directors. When there are more than three executive supervisors, one of them shall be chosen as the convener of the Board of Supervisors by mutual election.Article 53-1　 Directors and supervisors of the National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists are not limited to the member representatives designated by the municipal or county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists.Member representatives designated by municipal or county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists to join the National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists are not limited to their directors or supervisors.Article 54 　 Directors and supervisors shall serve a three-year term, and re-elected and re-appointed directors and supervisors shall not exceed one half of the total. Only one re-appointment of the chairman is allowed.Article 55 　 Associations for medical radiation technologists shall convene a general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting once per year, and interim meetings may be convened when necessary.When the number of members of an association for medical radiation technologists exceeds 300, members may be sub-divided on regional basis in accordance with the Articles of Association and depending on the distribution of members. Representatives may be elected according to the percentage of members for convening member representatives’ meeting, and for exercising the power of the general members’ meeting.Article 56 　 An association for medical radiation technologists shall establish the Articles of Association, compile the list of members and the brief curriculum vitae of its appointed staff, which shall be sent to the local civil association competent authority for registration, and also to the central and local health competent authorities for reference.Article 57 　 Articles of Association for all levels of associations for medical radiation technologists shall explicitly state the following:1. Name, region and association location.2. Vision, organization and mission.3. Admission and dismissal of members.4. Membership fees payable by members and the due date.5. Generation of member representatives and the tenure of service.6. Numbers of directors and supervisors, and their power, tenure as well as their election, appointment and dismissal.7. Regulations concerning the members’ (or member representatives’) meeting, as well as Board of Directors meeting and Board of Supervisors meeting.8. The covenant that members should observe.9. Budget and accounting.10. Amendment of the Articles of Association.11. Other necessary matters that should be explicitly stated pursuant to the laws and regulations or that are required for handling the association’s affairs.Article 57-1　 In the event that an association for medical radiation technologists violates the laws and regulations or the Articles of Association, the civil association competent authority may impose the following penalties:1. Warning.2. Revocation of its resolution.3. Dismissal of its director or supervisor.4. Request rectification by a deadline.The penalties mentioned in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding paragraph may also be given by the health competent authority.Article 57-2　 Municipal or county (or city) associations for medical radiation technologists are obliged to observe the Articles of Association and resolutions of the National Federation of Associations for Medical Radiation Technologists.Article 58 　 If a member of an association for medical radiation technologists violates the laws and regulations or the Articles of Association, the association may impose penalties pursuant to the Articles of Association, or the resolution of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors or the general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting.Article 59 　 Provisions concerning the associations for medical radiation technologists in this Chapter are applicable to the organization of associations for medical radiological technicians.Chapter 6Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 60 　 When issuing certificates or licenses in accordance with this Act, the central, municipal, or county (or city) health competent authorities may charge a certification fee or licensing fee; the amounts charged shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 60-1　 Foreigners and overseas Chinese may sit for the medical radiation technologist examination pursuant to the R.O.C. law.Foreigners and overseas Chinese who have passed the abovementioned examination and obtained the Medical Radiation Technologist Certificate shall get the central health competent authority’s permission for practicing medical radiology business in R.O.C., and shall observe the R.O.C. laws and regulations relating to medical radiology and medicine as well as the Articles of Association of the association for medical radiation technologists. The permission of their practice and the regulations on their management shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Violation of the provision in the preceding paragraph will result in penalties according to the law, and the central health competent authority may also annul their permit.Article 61 　 Enforcement rules of this Act shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 62 　 This Act shall come into force on the date of promulgation.
