Chapter 1 General ProvisionsArticle 1　 R.O.C. nationals who have passed the medical technologist examination and obtained the Medical Technologist Certificate in accordance with this Act may be qualified as medical technologists.The abovementioned qualifying examination may be replaced by other recognized examinations; the regulations concerning the recognition of examination are to be laid down by the Examination Yuan in conjunction with the Executive Yuan.Article 2　 R.O.C. nationals who have passed the medical technician examination and obtained the Medical Technician Certificate may be qualified as medical technicians.The abovementioned qualifying examination may be replaced by other recognized examinations; the regulations concerning the recognition of examination are to be laid down by the Examination Yuan in conjunction with the Executive Yuan.Article 3　 The health competent authorities referred to in this Act are: the Ministry of Health and Welfare at the central government level; the municipal governments at the municipal level; and the county (or city) governments at the county (or city) level.Article 4　 Application for the issuance of the Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate shall be submitted to the central health competent authority with an application form and the qualification documents.Article 5　 Those who have not obtained a Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate may not assume the title of a Medical Technologist or Medical Technician.Article 6　 Those who were subject to the penalty of annulment of the Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate may not work as a Medical Technologist or Medical Technician.Chapter 2 PracticeArticle 7　 To practice as a medical technologist, one shall apply to the health competent authority at the local municipality or county (or city) for practice registration, and shall obtain a practice license before commencing practice.Medical technologists shall receive specified hours of continued education every six years to be eligible for renewal of the practice license.The qualifications, conditions and documents required for the application for practice registration mentioned in Paragraph 1; the issuance, renewal, replacement and update of the practice license; the course content, credits, method of execution of the continued education mentioned in the preceding paragraph, and the accreditation of the completion of continued education; as well as regulations for other compliance matters shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 8　 Practice license shall not be issued and the license already issued shall be revoked or annulled in any one of the following conditions:1. The Medical Technologist Certificate is annulled.2. The medical technologist practice license is annulled for less than one year.3. The person has suffered from mental disease or in physical or mental disorder, and is confirmed by the health competent authority to be incapable of practicing.When the cause of the condition mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of the preceding paragraph no longer exists, the person may still apply for a practice license pursuant to this Act.For confirmation of the condition mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1, the health competent authority shall designate a relevant medical specialist for authentication.Article 9　 A medical technologist shall practice in one location only, and shall practice in a medical care institution or medical examination clinic approved by and registered with the local health competent authority, or other institutions recognized by the health competent authority and where medical technologists are employed. However, inter-institutional support or condition with prior approval is not subject to this restriction.Article 10 　 In the event of suspension or termination of the medical technologist’s practice, a report to the original license-issuing authority shall be made for reference within 30 days from the occurrence.The duration of suspension of practice mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be limited to one year only; termination of practice shall be processed for suspension over one year.Provisions in Article 7 concerning the practice are applicable to changes of a medical technologist’s practicing location or reinstatement of practice.In case of death of a medical technologist, the practice license shall be annulled by the original license-issuing authority.Article 11 　 When they practice, medical technologists or medical technicians shall join the local association for medical technologists or association for medical technicians.Associations for medical technologists or associations for medical technicians may not refuse the membership application by qualified applicants.Article 12 　 Businesses of medical technologists include:1. General clinical examination.2. Clinical biochemical examination.3. Clinical serological examination.4. Clinical immunology examination.5. Clinical blood test.6. Transfusion examination and blood bank operation.7. Clinical microbiological examination.8. Clinical physiological examination.9. Enquiries about medical examination business.10. Enquiries about clinical test reagents.11. Other medical examination tasks recognized by the central health competent authority.For a medical technologist to carry out these businesses, an examination slip issued by a physician is required. However, this does not apply to items specified by the central health competent authority or self-paid examination items at medical examination clinics.The proviso stated in the preceding paragraph shall be put on trial run for five years from the date this Act is promulgated and implemented. Review shall be made at the end of the trial run.Article 13 　 When there is doubt in processing the examination slip issued by a physician, a medical technologist shall consult and confirm with the physician who issued the examination slip before carrying out the examination. Moreover, the examination shall be conducted according to the items listed on the examination slip, with no alteration of the examination items at discretion.Article 14 　 Medical technologists shall make records of the examination results, produce test reports, and sign or affix seal on the examination reports.Medical technologists shall carry out one examination only for each examination slip issued by a physician; after the examination, the medical technologist shall sign or affix seal on the examination slip, and mark the examination date.Article 15 　 A medical technologist shall not produce an examination report if he/she has not carried out the examination by his/her own, and shall not make false examination report.Article 16 　 When being inquired by the health authority, judicial authority or police agency, medical technologists shall not make false statement or report.Article 17 　 Businesses of medical technicians include:1. General clinical examination.2. Clinical biochemical examination.3. Clinical serological examination.4. Clinical blood test.5. Transfusion examination.6. Clinical microbiological examination.7. Clinical physiological examination.8. Other medical examination tasks recognized by the central health competent authorityFor a medical technician to carry out these businesses, an examination slip issued by a physician is required. However, this does not apply to items specified by the central health competent authority or self-paid examination items at medical examination clinics.The proviso stated in the preceding paragraph shall be put on trial run for five years from the date this Act is promulgated and implemented. Review shall be made at the end of the trial run.Article 18 　 The provisions in this Chapter concerning the practice of medical technologists are applicable to medical technicians’ execution of businesses mentioned in the preceding article.Chapter 3 Medical Examination ClinicsArticle 19 　 Applicant for the establishment of a medical examination clinic shall be a medical technologist or medical technician, who shall submit the application to the local municipal or county (or city) health competent authority for approval and registration, after which an establishment license will be issued and the clinic may be established.The aforementioned applicant shall have practiced for at least two years in medical care institutions or medical examination clinics if he/she is a medical technologist; and at least five years in medical care institutions or medical examination clinics if he/she is a medical technician.For calculation of the abovementioned years of practice, only those who have obtained Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate and who have registered their practice with health competent authority in municipality or county (city) are applicable. However, for those who have been practicing before the promulgation and implementation of this Act, the actual years of experience can be included.Standards for the establishment of a medical examination clinic shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 20 　 The applicant who applies for the establishment of a medical examination clinic shall be the principal medical technologist or medical technician of the clinic; he/she shall bear supervisory responsibility over the clinic’s business.Article 20-1　 When a medical technologist or medical technician in charge of a medical examination clinic fails to carry out his/her responsibility for a reason, he/she shall designate a qualified acting principal medical technologist or medical technician. If the acting duration exceeds one month, a report shall be made to the original license-issuing authority for reference.The acting duration mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall not exceed one year at maximum.Article 21 　 The use or alteration of the name of a medical examination clinic shall be approved by the health competent authority.Non-medical examination clinic shall not use the name of a medical examination clinic or any similar name.Article 21-1　 A medical examination clinic shall not use the following name:1. The name of another registered medical examination clinic in the same municipality or county (or city).2. A name same as or similar to the name of a medical examination clinic with establishment license annulled less than one year or a clinic subject to the penalty of practice suspension within the same municipality or county (or city).3. A name that may easily mislead people into thinking the clinic is related to a government agency or charitable organization, or a name that may harm public order or good social customs.Article 22 　 Suspension or termination of a medical examination clinic or alteration of the registration items shall be reported to the original license-issuing authority for reference within 30 days from the occurrence.Provisions concerning the establishment of medical examination clinics are applicable to the moving or reinstatement of a clinic.Article 23 　 A medical examination clinic shall display its establishment license, fee standards and certificates of its medical technologist or medical technician at a visible place in the clinic.Article 24 　 A medical examination clinic shall be kept clean and tidy, orderly and peaceful, and shall not impede public health and safety.Article 25 　 A medical examination clinic shall establish proper medical examination quality control system.The abovementioned quality control system shall be subject to the supervision and evaluation of the health competent authority.Article 26 　 Medical examination clinics shall keep the records of examination results, examination slips issued by physicians, duplicate copies of examination reports and medical examination quality control records for at least three years.Article 27 　 Standards of examination fees charged by medical examination clinics shall be laid down by the municipal or county (or city) health competent authority.Article 28 　 For the examination fees charged by a medical examination clinic, details of the fees and receipts shall be produced.Medical examination clinics shall not violate the fee standards and overcharge.Article 29 　 Advertisements of a medical examination clinic shall include no more than the following content:1. Name, establishment license number, address, telephone number and traffic information of the medical examination clinic.2. Name and certificate number of its medical technologist or medical technician.3. Other items that are allowed to be published or publicized according to the announcements of the central health competent authority.Non-medical examination clinics shall not place medical examination advertisement.Article 30 　 Medical examination clinics shall not fetch in business inappropriately.Article 31 　 Medical examination clinics shall submit reports in accordance with the laws and regulations or upon notifications of the health competent authority; they shall also accept the health competent authority’s inspection and information collection request on their staff, equipment, sanitation, safety, fees, operation, etc.Article 32 　 Medical technologists, medical technicians or staff at medical examination clinics shall not disclose the personal confidential information of others that comes to their knowledge or they hold because of performing their job.Chapter 4 Penalty ProvisionsArticle 33 　 Those engaged in medical examination business without medical technologist’s or medical technician’s qualification are subject to imprisonment below two years, in addition to a fine between NT0,000 and NT50,000. However, this does not apply to students of medical examination faculty, department or division who serve internship under supervision of a medical technologist, or graduate within six months from the date when the graduation certificate is obtained.For convicts of the abovementioned offense that leads to death or serious injury, the punishment shall be aggravated by 50% pursuant to the Criminal Code.Article 34 　 Medical technologists violating Paragraph 2 of Article 12 or medical technicians violating Paragraph 2 of Article 17 are liable to imprisonment below two years, in addition to a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.For convicts of the abovementioned offense that leads to death or serious injury, the punishment shall be aggravated by 50% pursuant to the Criminal Code.Convicts of the offenses mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs are liable to an additional penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year. In serious circumstances, the practice license or medical technologist’s or medical technician’s certificate may be annulled.Article 35 　 If a medical technologist or medical technician leases out his/her certificate for others’ use, the Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate shall be annulled; in case that criminal liability is involved, it shall be referred to the competent prosecution office for legal proceeding.Article 36 　 In case of one of the following conditions, the medical technologist or medical technician is liable to a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000; in serious circumstances, an additional penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year or annulment of practice license shall be imposed; if criminal liability is involved, the case shall be referred to the competent prosecution office for legal proceeding:1. Violation of either Article 15 or Article 16.2. Illegal or improper business behavior.Article 37 　 Those violating Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 7, Article 9, Paragraph 1 or 3 of Article 10, Paragraph 1 of Article 11 or Article 14 shall be fined between NT0,000 and NT0,000.On top of the penalty stated in the preceding paragraph, those violating Paragraph 1 or 2 of Article 7, Paragraph 1 or 3 of Article 10 or Paragraph 1 of Article 11 will be given a deadline by which improvement shall be made; the third violation after being penalized and ordered to make improvement shall result in the penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year.If an association for medical technologists or association for medical technicians violates Paragraph 2 of Article 11, it is subject to the civil association competent authority’s penalty of a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.Article 38 　 A medical technologist or medical technician who continues to practice while under penalty of practice suspension shall have his/her practice license annulled; should he/she continue to practice when his/her practice license is annulled, he/she shall have his/her Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate annulled.Article 39 　 In any one of the following conditions, a medical examination clinic shall be subject to a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000; in serious cases, its establishment license may be annulled:1. Allow a person without medical technologist or medical technician qualification to carry out medical examination work without permission.2. Fail to suspend business while under the penalty of practice suspension.Article 40 　 Those violating any one of Paragraph 1 of Article 20-1, Paragraph 1 of Article 21, Paragraph 1 of Article 22, Articles 23 to 26, Paragraph 1 of Article 28 or Article 31, or failing to meet the standard set down in Paragraph 4 of Article 19 are liable to a fine between NT0,000 and NT0,000.On top of the penalty stated in the preceding paragraph, those violating any one of Paragraph 1 of Article 20-1, Paragraph 1 of Article 21, Paragraph 1 of Article 22, Articles 23 to 25 or Article 31, or failing to meet the standard set down in Paragraph 4 of Article 19 will be given a deadline by which improvement shall be made; failing to make improvement by the deadline shall result in the penalty of practice suspension above one month and below one year.Article 41 　 Those violating any one of Article 5, Paragraph 1 of Article 19, Paragraph 2 of Article 21, Paragraph 2 of Article 22, Paragraph 2 of Article 28, Article 29, Article 30 or Article 32 are liable to a fine between NT0,000 and NT00,000.On top of the penalty stated in the preceding paragraph, those violating Paragraph 2 of Article 28 will be given a deadline by which the overcharged fee shall be returned; failure to return the overcharged fee will be subject to repeated penalties per occasion.Article 42 　 When the principal medical technologist or the principal medical technician of a medical examination clinic is penalized for practice suspension or annulment of practice license, practice suspension or annulment of establishment license shall also be imposed on the clinic at the same time.When a medical examination clinic is penalized for practice suspension or annulment of establishment license, practice suspension or annulment of practice license shall also be imposed on its principal medical technologist or principal medical technician at the same time.Article 43 　 If a medical examination clinic continues its practice while its establishment license is being annulled, the Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate of the principal medical technologist or principal medical technician may be annulled.Article 44 　 The principal medical technologist or principal medical technician of a medical examination clinic shall be liable for the fines imposed on the clinic as provided in this Act.Article 45 　 Penalties including fines, suspension of practice, revocation or annulment of practice license or establishment license as provided in this Act shall be executed by the municipal or county (or city) health competent authority, unless otherwise stipulated in this Act; annulment of Medical Technologist Certificate or Medical Technician Certificate shall be executed by the central health competent authority.Article 46 　 (Deleted)Chapter 5 AssociationsArticle 47 　 The authority in charge of associations for medical technologists is the civil association competent authority, but the target business shall be subject to the guidance and supervision of the health competent authority.Article 48 　 Associations for medical technologists include municipal and county (or city) associations; and a National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists may be established.Article 49 　 Jurisdictions of the associations for medical technologists shall be in accordance with the existing administrative regions. Within the same region, only one same-level association is allowed.Article 50 　 Municipal or county (or city) associations for medical technologists shall be organized at the initiation of 21 or more medical technologists within the jurisdiction; in regions with less than 21 medical technologists, the medical technologists may join the association of a neighboring region.Article 51 　 Establishment of National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists shall be initiated by municipal and at least seven county (or city) associations for medical technologists that have finished the organization procedures.Article 52 　 Associations for medical technologists shall have directors and supervisors, which shall be elected by the members (or member representatives) in the general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting. A Board of Directors and a Board of Supervisors shall also be established, with the number of Board members as follows:1. Directors of municipal or county (or city) associations for medical technologists shall not exceed 27.2. Directors of National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists shall not exceed 35.3. Number of directors of associations for medical technologists at all levels shall not exceed one half of the total members (or member representatives).4. Number of supervisors of associations for medical technologists at all levels shall not exceed one third of the number of the associations’ directors.Associations for medical technologists at all levels may have alternate directors and alternate supervisors, of which the number shall not exceed one third of the number of the respective association’s directors and supervisors.When the numbers of directors and supervisors are above three, executive directors and executive supervisors may be mutually elected, respectively. The numbers of executive directors and executive supervisors shall not exceed one third of the total directors or supervisors, and one of the executive directors shall be elected by all directors as the chairman. If there is no executive director, a chairman shall be chosen by mutually election from among the directors. When there are more than three executive supervisors, one of them shall be chosen as the convener of the Board of Supervisors by mutual election.Article 52-1　 Directors and supervisors of the National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists are not limited to the member representatives designated by the municipal or county (or city) associations for medical technologists.Member representatives designated by municipal or county (or city) associations for medical technologists to join the National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists are not limited to their directors or supervisors.Article 53 　 Directors and supervisors shall serve a three-year term, and re-elected and re-appointed directors and supervisors shall not exceed one half of the total. Only one re-appointment of the chairman is allowed.Article 54 　 Associations for medical technologists shall convene a general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting once per year, and interim meetings may be convened when necessary.When the number of members of an association for medical technologists exceeds 300, members may be sub-divided on regional basis in accordance with the Articles of Association and depending on the distribution of members. Representatives may be elected according to the percentage of members for convening member representatives’ meeting, and for exercising the power of the general members’ meeting.Article 55 　 An association for medical technologists shall lay down the Articles of Association, compile the list of members and the brief curriculum vitae of its appointed staff, which shall be sent to the local civil association competent authority for registration, and also to the central and local health competent authorities for reference.Article 56 　 Articles of Association for all levels of associations for medical technologists shall explicitly state the following:1. Name, region and location of the association’s office.2. Vision, organization and mission.3. Admission and dismissal of members.4. Membership fees payable by members and the due date.5. Generation of member representatives and the tenure of service.6. Numbers of directors and supervisors, and their power, tenure as well as their election, appointment and dismissal.7. Regulations concerning the members’ (or member representatives’) meeting, as well as Board of Directors meeting and Board of Supervisors meeting.8. The covenant that members should observe.9. Budget and accounting.10. Amendment of the Articles of Association.11. Other necessary matters that should be explicitly stated pursuant to the laws and regulations or that are required for handling the association’s affairs.Article 56-1　 In the event that an association for medical technologists violates the laws and regulations or the Articles of Association, the civil association competent authority may impose the following penalties:1. Warning.2. Revocation of its resolution.3. Dismissal of its director or supervisor.4. Request rectification by a deadline.The penalties mentioned in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of the preceding paragraph may also be given by the health competent authority.Article 56-2　 Municipal or county (or city) associations for medical technologists are obliged to observe the Articles of Association and resolutions of the National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists.Article 57 　 If a member of an association for medical technologists violates the laws and regulations or the Articles of Association, the association may impose penalties pursuant to the Articles of Association, or the resolution of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors or the general members’ (or member representatives’) meeting.Article 58 　 National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists that has been registered before the promulgation and implementation of this Act shall complete its re-organization pursuant to this Act within three years from the date when this Act is promulgated and enforced. The registered provincial association for medical technologists shall be dismissed, and the remaining properties shall go to the National Federation of Associations for Medical Technologists.Article 59 　 Provisions concerning the associations for medical technologists in this Chapter are applicable to the organization of associations for medical technicians.Chapter 6 Supplementary ProvisionsArticle 60 　 Those who have been engaged in the medical technician’s work as stated in Paragraph 1 of Article 17 in medical care institutions before July 1, 1967 and have been reviewed and approved by the central health competent authority may sit for the special examination for medical technicians.The special examination mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall be held five times only within five years after the implementation of this Act.According to the provision in Paragraph 1, those who have been reviewed and approved to sit for the special examination for medical technicians may continue their medical technician practice within five years after the implementation of this Act before they obtain the medical technician qualification.Article 60-1　 Foreigners and overseas Chinese may sit for the medical technologist examination pursuant to the R.O.C. law.Foreigners and overseas Chinese who have passed the abovementioned examination and obtained the Medical Technologist Certificate shall get the central health competent authority’s permission for practicing medical examination business in R.O.C., and shall observe the R.O.C. laws and regulations relating to medical examination and medicine as well as the Articles of Association of the association for medical technologists. The permission of their practice and the regulations on their management shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Violation of the provision in the preceding paragraph will result in penalties according to the law, and the central health competent authority may also annul their permit.Article 61 　 (Deleted)Article 61-1　 When issuing certificates or licenses in accordance with this Act, the central, municipal, or county (or city) health competent authorities may charge a certification fee or licensing fee; the amounts charged shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 62 　 The enforcement rules of this Act shall be laid down by the central health competent authority.Article 63 　 This Act shall come into effect from the date of promulgation.
