Article 1
This Act is specifically enacted for the promotion of national oral health. For matters not regulated in this Act, the regulations of other laws will be applied. Article 2
The competent authorities mentioned in this Act shall be the Department of Health of the Executive Yuan at the central level; the municipality governments at the municipality level; and the county/city governments at the county or city level. Article 3
The government should conduct programs for the prevention of oral diseases and the maintenance of oral health, and initiate and develop the following items relevant to oral health:1. Surveys of oral health condition;2. Promoting preventive oral medicine;3. Conducting programs for oral health education;4. Supervising and improving oral hygiene products;5. Research on oral health issues;6. Other items related to oral health promotion.Treatment of oral diseases should be covered in the National Health Insurance. The scope of payments for dental care may be covered according to the regulations of the National Health Insurance Act. Article 4
The competent authorities should prepare budget every year for the implementation of programs related to oral health promotion. Article 5
The competent authorities should strengthen the prevention and control on the risk factors of oral health, as well as dissemination of the knowledge about this issue. Article 6
The competent education authorities should enhance the promotion ofschool-based oral health education. Article 7
While the competent authorities and the competent education authorities conduct oral health education programs, all organizations, schools, groups, and mass media concerned should comply with these authorities accordingly. Article 8
Municipality, county, and city governments should strengthen the measures of oral health for the following groups:1. The elderly, the physically and mentally disabled;2. Pregnant women, infants, early childhood and young children. Article 9
The competent authorities should prepare budget for survey and research on oral health-related issues; organizations concerned, schools, or professional groups relevant to oral health may be commissioned or subsidized to conduct them. Article 10
Municipality, county, and city governments should appoint a full-time person, and the central competent authorities should establish a unit, to be fully responsible for the implementation of matters concerning oral health. Article 11
The central competent authority should establish a Committee on Dental Medicine. The missions of the Committee are:1. To make proposals on oral health policy making;2. To review and resolve epidemiological surveys on oral diseases;3. To review and resolve measures for the prevention of oral diseases;4. To review and resolve matters concerning the promotion and implementationof oral health education;5. To review and resolve matters concerning oral health promotion for pregnant women, infants and young children;6. To review and resolve matters concerning oral health promotion for the elderly, and the physically and mentally disabled;7. To provide counseling on oral health promotion for school children;8. To review and resolve control strategies of risk factors of oral cancer, and other factors hazardous to oral health;9. To provide counseling on the standards and efficacy of oral hygiene products;10. To review and resolve matters concerning research and development of oral health;11. To review and resolve other matters concerning oral health.The central competent authority shall decide the organization and authority of the afore-mentioned Committee such as the number and composition of the members, and meeting proceedings. Article 12
This Act shall be implemented on the day of announcement. 
