Article 1
The Ministry of Health and Welfare shall establish the Health Promotion Administration (hereinafter referred to as “The Administration ") to responsible for health promotion and noncommunicable disease prevention affairs. Article 2
The Administration shall be in charge of following matters:1. Planning, coordinating, and implementing health promotion policies and mapping out such policies as well as laws and regulations.2. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of cancers, cardiovascular diseases, and other major noncommunicable diseases prevention and control.3. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of ensuring a healthy lifestyle.4. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of tobacco hazards prevention.5. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of nutrition.6. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of reproductive health.7. Planning, executing and supervising the preventive care of oral, hearing, and vision.8. Planning, executing and supervising the matter of public health surveillance, research and development.9. International cooperation relative to health promotion and noncommunicable disease prevention affairs.10. Other relevant administrative matters of health promotion. Article 3
The Administration shall have one director-general at senior grade 13; two deputy directors-general at senior grade 12.If deemed necessary, two of such jobs describing in the preceding paragraph may be a medical person of Senior Grade 1 in accordance with regulations of the Medical Personnel Management Act. Article 4
The Administration shall have a chief secretary at senior grade 11. Article 5
The Administration can have research fellows and associate research fellows, who, if deemed necessary, may be appointed in accordance with the relevant regulations of the Statute Governing the Appointment of Educators. The retirement benefits and compensation for the research fellows and associate research fellows shall accord to the provisions enacted for teachers, subject to the approval of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Article 6
One of director or deputy director of each division and one-fifth of the total number of senior specialists, if deemed necessary, may be a medical person of Senior Grade 1 in accordance with regulations of the Medical Personnel Management Act.The civil servant qualifications, ranks, and quota for all positions of the Administration shall be set forth separately in an organizational chart. Article 7
The date of implementation of the Act shall be determined by the Executive Yuan. 
