Article 1
The Regulations are enacted pursuant to the provisions of Article 21 Paragraph 3 of the Act Governing Food Sanitation. Article 2
The term “review and registration” herein stated refer to the examination, inspection, and registration of related matters and the issuance of official permit.The registration referred in the preceding paragraph shall include the following information based on the product classification and characteristics:1. Product name in Chinese and foreign language,2. Ingredients,3. Packaging,4. Name and address of the manufacturer,5. Name and address of the applicant,6. Validity period of the permit,7. Other registration information.The permit stated in Paragraph 1 refers to the authorization certificate or document issued after the inspection and registration approval. Article 3
A food business operator applying for inspection and registration with the central competent authority is required to complete an application form, pay the due examination, inspection, and certificate fees, and attach to the application form either partial or all following certification documents pursuant to the product classification and characteristics:1. Table of ingredient content, specifications, method of inspection, certificate of analysis, nutrition facts, and essential information of the manufacturing process.2. Complete technical information,3. Labels, packaging, Chinese labeling, product description, sample, and photo of the actual product,4. An application filed for imported product inspection and registration should be attached with the official substantiating documents and letter of authorization certifying that the original manufacturer is the legitimate manufacturer and seller,5. Photocopy of the business registration certificate of the applicant,6. Other essential documents. Article 4
Applicant applying for inspection and registration should claim the permit within two months after the central competent authority approves the application through examination procedure and issues a notification letter advising the permit issuance. Failure of applicant to claim the permit within the deadline shall constitute the abandonment of application; whereupon, the central competent authority is entitled to process the nullification of the issued permit. Article 5
Permit issued on applications filed pursuant to the provisions of Article 21 Paragraph 1 of the Act shall have a validity period ranging from one to five years; the exact validity period shall be designated by the central competent authority based on the product classification and characteristics. Where a permit renewal shall be required, a pertinent application form complete with the permit and parts or all of the substantiating documents herein prescribed in Article 3 should be filed with the central competent authority for renewal approbation. The applicant should pay the examination fee when filing a renewal application. The maximum validity period of the renewed permit shall be five years; however, where no renewal application is filed before expiration or where renewal privileges is denied, the permit shall be declared null and void. Where issuance of a new permit shall be necessary, a certificate processing fee shall be collected. Article 6
In the event of changes in the registered information of the permit, an application form complete with the permit and parts or all of the substantiating documents herein prescribed in Article 3 should be filed with the central competent authority for amendment of registration records. The applicant should pay the examination fee when filing an application. Where issuance of a new permit shall be necessary, a certificate processing fee shall be collected.Where the amendment application referred in the preceding paragraph involves change in quality, submission of a sample shall be required, and an inspection fee shall be collected. Article 7
In the event of permit ownership transfer, an application form complete with parts or all of substantiating documents herein prescribed in Article 3 should be filed with the central competent authority for the permit transfer registration. An examination fee and a certificate processing fee shall be collected. Article 8
In the event of the defacement or loss of a permit, an application form complete with a statement of reason for application and parts or all of substantiating documents herein prescribed in Article 3 should be filed with the central competent authority for certificate replacement or re-issuance. The applicant should pay the examination fee and certificate processing fee. Where application is filed due to permit defacement, the defaced permit should be surrendered for destruction; where application is filed due to permit loss, an application for the nullification of the original permit should be filed.The new permit issued under the replacement or re-issuance application as referred in the preceding paragraph shall bear the same expiration date as the original permit. Article 9
Where the manufacture or importation of a product is officially banned under the Act, the original permit issued for which shall be nullified. Article 10
A food business operator applying for the cancellation of its permit for reasons of its own may submit a statement of reasons and the pertinent application form complete with the permit and related substantiating documents to the central competent authority for cancellation. Upon due approval, the central competent authority shall issue an official announcement declaring the permit null and void. Article 11
A food business operators applying for the review and registration and the permit replacement, re-issuance, extension, transfer, or cancellation, or amendment of registered information shall process the required procedure within two months after receiving the official notice of document submission for inspection or supplementary information from the central competent authority. Where circumstances shall require, the food business operator may apply for a one-month extension period. Failure to submit documents within the prescribed deadline shall constitute abandonment of application; whereupon, the central competent authority is entitled to conclude the case. Article 12
Regarding the review and registration matters defined in the Regulations, the application form format, information to be contained in the application form, documents to be attached to the application form, and the official permit format are subject to the discretion of the central competent authority.Where the review and registration matters referred in the preceding paragraph involve marks and standard drawings, such matters shall be subject to the definition of the central competent authority pursuant to the product classification. Article 13
The Regulations shall take effect immediately upon promulgation. 
