Article 1
These regulations are prescribed pursuant to paragraph 2, Article 5 of Genetic Health Act. Article 2
Physician meets the requirements stipulated in regulations of Article 3 or 4 are qualified to implement surgery of induced abortion or ligation. Article 3
Physician who implements surgery of induced abortion shall meet one of following qualifications:1. Possessing obstetrics and gynecology specialist certificate.2. Legally registered practice of obstetrics and gynecology. Article 4
Physician who implements surgery of ligation shall meet one of following qualifications:1. Possessing Obstetrics & Gynecology, Surgery or Urology specialist certificate.2. Legally registered practice of Obstetrics & Gynecology, Surgery or Urology. Article 5
Physician who meets the requirements stipulated in these regulations to implement induced abortion or ligation shall offer appropriate consulting services to persons undergo such operations before and after the surgery. Article 6
Matters which are not prescribed in this regulation shall comply with relevant laws and regulations governing medical practice in the Physicians Act or the Medical Care Act Article 7
The lost or damage of Physician’s Genetic Health License issued prior to the implementation of these regulations amendment will not be reissued or replaced.Physician’s Genetic Health License will be cancelled under one of the following conditions:1. Practice suspension or termination.2. Practice suspension or license revocation due to sanctions.3. Possessing Genetic Health License for induced abortion but changing the registered fields to fields other than Obstetrics and Gynecology.4. Possessing Genetic Health License for vasectomy and ligation but changing the registered fields to fields other than Obstetrics and Gynecology, Surgery or Urology.The physician whose Genetic Health License being cancelled due to foregoing subsection 3 or 4 but still meets the qualification of subsection 1 of Article 3 or subsection 1 of Article 4, or the foregoing cancellation reasons being eradicated, or complying with the qualifications of Article 3 or 4, can still perform surgery of induced abortion or ligation. Article 8
These Regulations shall come into force as of the day of promulgation. 
