Article 1
These regulations are duly enacted according to Paragraph 2 of Article 16 of the National Health Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”). Article 2
National Health Insurance IC cards (hereinafter referred to as “NHI IC Card(s)”) are for use by beneficiaries of the National Health Insurance (hereinafter referred to as the “NHI”) to receive medical treatment from contracted medical care institutions, and to apply for services provided by the insurer or online services provided through collaboration between the insurer and other government institutions (or agencies). However, NHI IC Cards shall not be used to store information for non-medical use purposes and content irrelevant to medical treatment received by NHI beneficiaries. Article 3
A beneficiary shall file an application for production and issuance of NHI IC Card to the insurer from the date the beneficiary meets the subscription requirements set forth by the Act and completes the declaration of insurance subscription. A beneficiary who has damaged or lost his or her NHI IC Card, or wishes to change his or her photos or identification information thereon shall apply to the insurer for change or replacement of his or her NHI IC Card. The insurer may entrust relevant institution(s), or with the help of government institutions (or agencies), to receive the application prescribed in the two preceding paragraphs on behalf of the insurer. NHI IC Cards applications set forth in the first and second paragraphs shall be publicized on the insurer’s global website, and may be made widely known through other proper means. Article 4
When applying for production and issuance, change or replacement of NHI IC Card, an applicant shall provide identification documentation along with his or her application to the insurer or processing institutions collecting applications on behalf of the insurer for verification purposes.An applicant filing an application mentioned in the preceding paragraph online should use the personal certificate or organization certificate issued by competent authorities or carriers which have the identity verification function to log into the web portal for NHI IC Card application.The identification documentation set forth in Paragraph 1 refers to any of the following documents: 1.	National identification card; household registration certificate may replace the national identification card in the case of a person under the age of 14 years old; 2.	Passport issued by the Republic of China;3.	Driver’s license of automobile (motorcycle) issued by the Republic of China;4.	Alien resident certificate in compliance with of the Enforcement Rules of the National Health Insurance Act; or5.	Other documentation issued by government institutions (or agencies) with information, such as photos, name, birth date, and ID number, sufficient for identity verification purposes.Where a beneficiary is sheltered, arranged, or assisted by government institutions (or agencies), the responsible government institutions (or agencies) may apply for a NHI IC Card on behalf of the beneficiary through issuing official documents to competent authorities. Article 4-1
When a beneficiary provides his or her photos for application of NHI IC Card with photo identification, the insurer shall scan the photos and save in archives. Any updates of archives shall be made by writing over the old files and keeping the latest updates on file. Within two years from the date the scanned files prescribed in the preceding paragraph are saved in archives, the scanned files may, with permission of the person involved, be used for application of change or replacement of NHI IC Cards with photos filed through online services system or desk services. Article 5
Where a beneficiary applies to the insurer for the NHI IC Card, he or she shall pay a fee according to the requirement. Nonetheless, the above fee should be exempted if any of the following circumstances occurs:1. The beneficiary applies for his or her first NHI IC Card; or2. The basic information stored in the NHI IC Card cannot be accessed because there is an error in its production by the insurer, the card and the chip are bent, cracked due to scratch or undue pressure or deformed, or detachment, change of color or wear and tear of the chip occurs, which is not caused by human conduct. Article 6
Data which may be stored from the NHI IC Card includes the basic information, the NHI data, medical service data and health administration data with the data column of each storage area listed in Table 1. Table 1Data which may be stored and retrieved from the NHI IC Card.doc 
