Chapter IGeneral ProvisionsArticle 1　 These regulations have been established according to Paragraph 2 of Article 71-1 of the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act.Article 2　 Definition:terms used in these regulations:1. Inspections: This refers to spot checks or examination before permitting the importation of medicaments2. Examination: This refers to conducting sensory, chemical, biological, or physical tests in a laboratory.3. Inspection authorities: This refers to inspection enforcement by the central competent health authority or its appointed agencies (organizations).4. Obligatory inspection applicants:This refers to medicaments importers.Chapter IIImported Drugs InspectionArticle 3　 For drugs required for inspection by the competent authority , the obligatory inspection applicants shall submit the following documents to the inspection authority to carry out the inspection:1. An application form for inspection.2. A copy of medicaments permit license.3. A copy of application for import declaration.4. Necessary documents required by the central competent authority.The application of the preceding paragraph can be submitted electronically.Drugs pursuant to the first Paragragh that conform to one of the following situations can be exempted from inspection:1. Products to be imported are issued with a certificate of examination by the government of the country of origin who has signed an examination waiver reciprocity agreement with the government of the Republic of China.2. A special permit from central competent health authority granted for national emergency situation or to improve the public welfare.Article 4　 In addition to documentation review (as prescribed in Article 3), inspection authority can carry out the inspection of drugs in one or some of the following measures:1. Batch-by-batch examination: carried out for each submitted batch of drugs.2. Randomly-selected batch examination: performed based on a 2%-50% inspection rate.3. On-site inspection: inspecting and checking (hereinafter referred to as ‘verification’) of items, packaging, appearance and labels of products on site.Article 5　 Reference standard and methods for the examination of imported drugs should abide to those mentioned in the Chinese Pharmacopoeia, pharmacopoeias published in the A10 countries or otherwise publicly announced by the central health competent authority.Chapter IIIImported Chinese medicine materials inspectionArticle 6　 Imported Chinese medicine materials shall not change the form of original material or tablets ready for decoction ,and the labels or packages shall indicate name of the medicament , lot number, name and address of the pharmaceutical firms.Reference standard and methods for the examination of imported Chinese medicine materials should abide to those mentioned in the Chinese Pharmacopoeia, pharmacopoeias published in Taiwan Herbal Pharmacopeia or otherwise publicly announced by the central health competent authority.Article 7　 For the Chinese medicine materials required for inspection by the competent authority, the obligatory inspection applicants shall submit the following documents to the inspection authority to carry out the inspection:1. An application form for inspection.2. A copy of Chinese medicines pharmaceutical firms permit license.3. A copy of application for import declaration.4. A certificate of examination issued by the laboratories approved by central health competent authority, Chinese medicine manufacturers in compliance with Pharmaceutical Good Manufacturing Practice Regulations, or related competent authority from the country of origin.5. Necessary documents required by the competent authority.The application of the preceding paragraph can be submitted electronically.Chinese medicine materials that conform to one of the following situations can be exempted from inspection:1. Products to be imported are issued with a certificate of examination by the government of the country of origin who has signed an inspection waiver reciprocity agreement with the government of the Republic of China.2. The samples are permitted to import by the central competent health authority for the certificate of inspection pursuant to the fourth sub-paragraph of the first paragraph.3. A special permit from central competent health authority granted for national emergency situation or to improve the public welfare.Article 8　 In addition to documentation review (as prescribed in Article7), inspection authority can carry out the Chinese medicine materials inspection in one or some of the following measures:1. Batch-by-batch examination: The inspection is carried out for each submitted batch of Chinese medicine materials.2. Randomly-selected batch examination: The inspection is performed based on a 2%-50% inspection rate.3. On-site inspection: verification of items, packaging, appearance and labels of products on site.Article 9　 If any violation of Article 6 is found during the on-site inspection for the Chinese medicine materials , a notice shall be given by inspection authorities and the obligatory inspection applicants shall make correction within a prescribed time period; and submit to recheck afterwards.Chapter IVImported medical devices inspectionArticle 10 　 For the medical devices required for inspection by the competent authority , the obligatory inspection applicants shall submit the following documents to the inspection authority to carry out the inspection:1. An application form for inspection.2. A copy of medical devices permit license.3. A copy of application for import declaration.4. Necessary documents required by the competent authority.The application of the preceding paragraph can be submitted electronically.Medical devices that conform to one of the following situations can be exempted from inspection:1. Products to be imported are issued with a certificate of examination by the government of the country of origin who has signed an inspection waiver reciprocity agreement with the government of the Republic of China.2. A special permit from central competent health authority granted for national emergency situation or to improve the public welfare.Article 11 　 In addition to documentation review (as prescribed in Article9), inspection authority can carry out the medical devices inspection in one or some of the following measures:1. Batch-by-batch examination: The inspection is carried out for each submitted batch of medical devices.2. Randomly-selected batch examination: The inspection is performed based on a 2%-50% inspection rate.3. On-site inspection: verification of items, packaging, appearance and labels of products on site.The methods for inspection and the items and methodologies for examination of imported medical devices as prescribed in Annex I.Annex I；Theinspection methods andexamination methodologies, items and scope to be checked of imported medical devices.doc
