Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 74, of the Communicable Disease Control Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The injuries, illnesses, physical or mental disabilities, or deaths of persons due to performing control measures against Category V communicable diseases mentioned in Paragraph 1, Article 74 of the Act, refer to injuries, illnesses, physical or mental disabilities, or deaths of personnel of public or private medical care institutions, police or fire-fighting organizations and other related organizations (institutions), schools, corporate bodies, groups or natural persons under commission due to performing control measures against Category V communicable diseases and thus are infected with Category V communicable diseases and become injured, ill, physically or mentally disabled, or dead.The personnel performing control measures against Category V communicable diseases mentioned in the preceding Paragraph who are infected with Category V communicable diseases deliberately or through major negligence may not be subsidized. Article 3
Kinds of subsidies of this set of Regulations are as follows:1. Payments for injuries or illnesses due to infection of Category V communicable diseases;2. Payments for physical or mental disabilities due to infection of Category V communicable diseases;3. Payments for deaths due to infection of Category V communicable diseases;4. Payments for education costs of children of persons who become physically or mentally disabled or dead due to infection of Category V communicable diseases. Article 4
Ceilings of subsidies of Subparagraph 1 through Subparagraph 3 of the preceding Article are as follows:1. NT$ 350,000 for injuries or illnesses due to infection of Category V communicable diseases;2. For physical or mental disabilities due to infection of Category V communicable diseases:1)NT$ 10 million for severe or extremely severe physical or mental disabilities;2)NT$ 5 million for moderate physical or mental disabilities;3)NT$ 2.65 million for minor physical or mental disabilities.3. NT$ 10 million for deaths due to infection of Category V communicable diseases.Assessment of the degree of physical or mental disabilities mentioned in Subparagraph 2 of the preceding Paragraph shall be handled in accordance with regulations of the Protection of Rights of the Physically and Mentally Disabled Act and its related laws and regulations.For the ceilings of subsidies of Paragraph 1, the central competent authority may, when necessary, by the special natures of the Category V communicable diseases and their severity, after reporting to the Executive Yuan and approved, adjust through announcement. Article 5
Education costs of children regulated in Subparagraph 4 of Article 3 are restricted to tuitions and sundry fees only, and shall be subsidized by the following regulations:1. Minors attending schools in country shall be subsidized for the actual amount verified; this also applies to adults still attending school up until either they earn a degree or sustain education.2. Children attending schools abroad shall be subsidized in accordance with regulations of the preceding Subparagraph.The amount shall, however, be limited to the average amount of divisions or departments of similar nature at equal level in country. Article 6
Persons having the right to claim for various subsidies are as follows:1. For death payments, legal heirs of the deceased;2. For payments for physical or mental disabilities, injuries, illnesses, the person concerned or his/her legal agents;3. For education costs of children, the children concerned or their legal agent.The order of legal heirs mentioned in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding Paragraph in applying for receiving subsidies, methods of many persons sharing, acceptance stipulated by will prepared in advance by the deceased, and loss of rights to receive, shall be handled in accordance with relevant regulations of the Government Employee's Pension Act. Article 7
Applicants, when applying for subsidies, shall fill in an application form and submit it by the applicant together with the following documents to the central competent authority; the application may also be approved and forwarded by his/her service unit:1. Injuries or illnesses due to infection of Category V communicable diseases:1) Certificate of diagnosis of infection due to Category V communicable disease;2) Certifying documents of infection due to Category V communicable disease in the course of performing control measures issued by relevant organizations;3) Reports of competent authorities verifying infection due to Category V communicable disease;4) Photocopy of both sides of the identification card.2. Physical or mental disabilities due to infection of Category V communicable diseases:1) All documents regulated in items of the preceding Subparagraph;2) Certificates of physical or mental disability.3. Deaths due to infection of Category V communicable diseases:1) All documents regulated in items of Subparagraph 1;2) Certifying documents of cause of death being infection due to Category V communicable disease issued by hospital;3) Copy of household registration indicating removal of the deceased from the household;4) Copy of household registration of the whole family (to be able to examine that they are remaining relations of the deceased).4. Education costs of children:1) All documents regulated in items of Subparagraph 1;2) Certificate of physical or mental disability, or certifying document of cause of death being infection due to Category V communicable disease issued by hospital;3) Photocopy of student identification and receipt of payment of fees. Article 8
The central competent authority shall, within six months upon acceptance of the case or on the day the documents are in order, complete the review.When necessary, this can be extended once, for three months only. Article 9
The central competent authority shall notify persons having rights to claim, in writing, results of the review, copy to local competent authorities. Article 10
Once the subsidies are reviewed and approved, the competent authority of the residence of the applicant shall, within one month upon receipt of notice, complete appropriation of funds.This does not apply to cases in which the applicants refuse to accept the review and approval. Article 11
Persons, who are concurrently or successively eligible for the same reason to various subsidies under Paragraph 1 of Article 4, shall be subsidized for the highest amount of payment; persons who have already been subsidized for the lower amount of payment shall be made up for the differences.With the exception of subsidies under Paragraph 1 of Article 4, which are compensations in nature and are not required to be balanced, the education costs for children subsidized in accordance with regulations of Article 5, if payments of similar nature for the same reason have already been received in accordance with regulations of other laws and regulations, the subsidies shall be balanced.Persons injured in the course of performing control measures of this Act, when medical care is terminated, and local competent authorities are in suspicion of physical or mental impairments or requiring social assistance, they shall notify local social administration authorities to initiate assistance. Article 12
This set of Regulations shall be implemented on the day of announcement. 
