Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 3 of Article 48 of the Employment Service Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Terms used in this set of Regulations are defined as follows:1. Category 1 Aliens: Aliens employed to work on jobs regulated in Subparagraphs 1 through 6 of Paragraph 1, Article 46 of the Act.2. Category 2 Aliens: Aliens employed to work on jobs regulated in Subparagraphs 8 through 11 of Paragraph 1, Article 46 of the Act.3. Authorized Hospitals: Overseas hospitals authorized by the central competent health authority to conduct pre-entry health examination of employed aliens.4. Designated Hospitals: Domestic hospitals designated by the central competent health authority to conduct health examination of employed aliens after entry.5. DOTS (Directly Observed Treatment Short-course) Services: Medication services of patient observed in person by caregivers assigned by competent health authorities. Article 3
Employers, when applying for employment permit and extension of the employment permit for Category 1 Aliens other than those regulated in Article 4, may be exempt from submitting health examination certificates of personnel of said Category. For those who intend to work in the country for more than three months, the central competent health authority may, by the special natures of the countries that they have resided, announce the health examination certificates to be submitted. Article 4
Employers shall, when applying for employment permit and extension of the employment permit for Category 1 Aliens working on jobs regulated by Subparagraph 4 of Paragraph 1, Article 46 of the Act, submit one of the following documents to the central competent authority:1. Health examination qualified certificate issued within the last three months by a lawfully established hospital of his/her country and endorsed by a physician, together with its Chinese translation authenticated by an ROC embassy or representative office.2. Health examination certificate of the said individual issued by a designated hospital within the last three months.The health examination certificate of the preceding Paragraph shall include the following examinations and certificates:1. Chest X-Ray examination for tuberculosis;2. Serological test for syphilis;3. General physical examination (including mental conditions);4. Proof of positive measles and rubella antibody titers or measles and rubella vaccination certificates; Applicants filing for extension of the employment permit are exempt from submission;5. Other examinations deemed necessary by the central competent health authority in accordance with the special natures of the country that the individual has resided.The central competent authority shall not issue employment permit or extension of the employment permit to any individual failing any one item of the health examination referred to in the preceding Paragraph. For individuals who meet the regulations of Article 7 and Article 9, these regulations will be followed.Forms of health examination certificate of Subparagraph 2, Paragraph 1 are shown in Attachment 1. Appendix 1 Items Required for Health Certificate (Form 1 ).pdf 
