Article 1
These regulations are duly enacted pursuant to Paragraph 2 of Article 56 of the National Health Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”). Article 2
A beneficiary of the National Health Insurance (hereinafter referred to as the “NHI”) who meets the requirement of any of the paragraphs of Article 55 of the Act may apply for the reimbursement of medical expenses according to these regulations. Article 3
The scope of emergent injury or illness stipulated in Subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Article 55 is as follows:1. Acute diarrhea, vomiting or dehydration;2. Acute abdominal pain, chest pain, headache, back pain (lower back or pain in the lumbar and hypochondriac region), arthralgia, or toothache, which needsemergency treatment to identify the pathogenic factors;3. Haematemesis, hemafecia, rhinorrhagia, hemoptysis, hemolysis, hematuria, colporrhagia, or acute traumatic bleeding;4. Acute toxic reaction, or acute anaphylactic reaction;5. Paroxysmal temperature disorder;6. Dyspnea, asthma, cyanotic lips or finger tips;7. Unconsciousness, coma, convulsion, limb malfunction;8. Foreign bodies left in or blocking the eye, ear, respiratory tract, gastrointestinal tract and genitourinary tract;9. Psychosis that threatens the patient’s or other people’s lives, or psychotic symptoms that require immediate treatment;10. Acute injury caused by a major accident;11. Unstable vital sign or other symptoms that may endanger the patient’s life; and12. Legal or reported infectious diseases that require immediate treatment. Article 4
The deadline for a beneficiary to apply for the reimbursement of medical expenses is set forth in Paragraph 1 of Article 56 of the Act. Article 5
Where a beneficiary applies for the reimbursement of medical expenses according to Article 55 of the Act, the documents required to be submitted should comply with the requirements set forth in the attached table.Where a beneficiary fails to submit all required documents, he or she shall provide the supplementary document(s) within two months from being notified by the insurer. The insurer may, if necessary, extend the deadline for submission as per the beneficiary’s application, which is limited to one time only and the extension may not exceed two months. Where the beneficiary fails to submit the supplementary documents before the stipulated deadline, the review will be made based solely on the submitted documents.The insurer may require the beneficiary to submit supporting documents other than those stipulated in the table in Paragraph 1, or to attend the contracted medical care institution designated by the insurer to receive relevant test or examination. Table attached to Article 5：Documents which are required to be submitted when an application for reimbursement of medical expenses is made.doc 
