Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 4, Article 30 of the Communicable Disease Control Act. Article 2
Victims of immunization shall request for relief in accordance with the requirements and procedures set forth in this set of Regulations.The scope of immunization as referred to in the preceding Paragraph includes the inoculation of vaccines that have been issued permit licenses or permitted for importation under a special project by the central competent authority and have been qualified and batch-sealed by testing or by review of documents. Article 2-1
Manufacturers or importer of vaccines shall make certain payments to serve as the Relief Fund for Victims of Immunization; a levy of NT$ 1.5 shall be collected for each dose of vaccine as an income of the Relief Fund. The central competent authority shall adjust the levy when the amount of the Fund either exceed 2 hundred million or is less than 1.5 hundred million NT dollars.Criteria for the collection of the Fund are as follows:1. Collected per dose of vaccine by the doses qualified by laboratory testing for batch-sealing;2. For vaccines purchased under emergency special plans as per regulations of Article 51 of the Act, collected per dose by the doses manufactured or imported.Manufacturers or importers of vaccines mentioned in the preceding Paragraph shall make the payment to the Relief Fund for Victims of Immunization within 30 days beginning from the day after the batch release certificate of vaccines, report of laboratory testing or document review report is issued by the central competent authority.Manufacturers or importers of vaccines, if fail to make payments in due time, shall be imposed, beginning the next day of the date due, one percent of fine for delayed payment; if the payments are overdue for 30 days, the case will be referred for mandatory execution.Payments of Paragraph 1 are waived if:1. The vaccines are manufactured for export;2. Vaccines purchased by competent authorities under special plan for aid to foreign countries;3. Other vaccines applied under special plans and approved for waiving by the central competent authority. Article 2-2
In order to perform various tasks concerning relief for immunization hazards, the central competent authority may commission other organizations (institutions) or groups to implement matters specified as following:1. Preparatory work for case review and delivery of the review decision;2. Wire transfer of relief payments;3. Other matters concerning relief for immunization hazards. Article 3
For the review of relief for immunization hazards, the central competent authority shall establish a review subcommittee on the relief of immunization hazards (hereafter referred to as the Subcommittee). Its missions are as follows:1. Review of matters concerning relief for immunization hazards;2. Assessment of causes of immunization hazards;3. Review of the amount of relief payments for immunization hazards;4. Review of other matters related to immunization hazards. Article 4
There shall be on the subcommittee 19 to 25 members, to be invited on part-time basis by the central competent authority from experts in the fields of medical and health, anatomy and pathology, law, or impartial members of the community; one of them shall be appointed chairperson.The total number of experts in law and impartial members of the community shall not be less than one-third.The term of office of the members shall be for two years, and may be re-invited after termination of the term. When there are vacancies during the term, persons of the same categories of the original members shall be invited to fill the vacancies; their term of office shall be till the end of the original term of office.Chairperson of the subcommittee shall be responsible for calling meetings and preside on meetings. In case the chairperson cannot be present for reasons, a president of the meeting shall be recommended from the members. Article 4-1
When the review subcommittee reviews cases for relief to hazards of immunization, they may appoint members or entrust organizations concerned and academic institutions to conduct investigation and study in advance; when necessary, they may invite organizations concerned or scholars and experts to participate in the assessment or be present for counseling. Article 5
There shall be two executive officers on the Subcommittee. They shall, by order of the Chairperson, assist in the review of matters concerning relief for immunization hazards. They shall be appointed on part-time basis from the existing staff of the subordinate Centers for Disease Control of the central competent authority. Article 6
To meet the needs for the review operations on relief, the subordinate Centers for Disease Control of the central competent authority may employ one to two professional or technical workers in the related fields. Article 7
Relief items for compensation of vaccine injury are as follows:1. Compensation for deaths;2. Compensation for impairments;3. Compensation for severe illnesses;4. Compensation for other adverse reactions.The Subcommittee shall, by the amount of compensation for relief items of vaccine injury as described in the Attachment, review amount of compensation for the afore-mentioned compensation.The degree of impairments in Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 shall be decided in accordance with the types and degrees regulated by laws for the protection of the rights of the mentally and physically impaired, but excluding conversion disorder associated with psychological factors.Recognition of the severe illnesses mentioned in Subparagraph 3 of Paragraph 1 shall be made in accordance with the scopes of severe illnesses and injuries defined by the National Health Insurance and the illnesses considered as severe adverse reactions by the Procedure for Reporting Severe Adverse Reactions to Medicines.When the kinds of payment are in conflict, the higher payment shall be made; in case the lower payment has already been made, the differences shall be made up. Attachment：Amount of Compensation for Vaccine Injury.doc 
