Article 1
These Regulations are stipulated in accordance with Article 8, Paragraph 3 of the Tobacco Hazards Prevention and Control Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act"). Article 2
The ingredients of tobacco products that shall be declared under the Act is as follows:1.The types and weights of tobacco leaf;2.The raw materials, printing ink and glue of roll paper;3.The raw materials, printing ink, glue of filters and the amount of activated carbon contained therein;4.Other chemicals:a.Nicotine/free nicotine;b.Heavy metal (As, Cd, Cr, Pb, Hg, Ni and Se);c.Nitrosamines (NNN, NNK, NAT, and NAB).The average weight of the ingredients listed in the preceding paragraph contained in each tobacco product shall be declared according to the type of tobacco products. At the same time, the method of testing for chemicals shall also be declared.Tobacco products other than cigarettes are exempt from the declaration required by Paragraph 1, Subparagraph 4. Article 3
The list of additives which shall be declared under the Act is as follows:1.Addictiveness enhancer;2.Flavor;3.Preservative;4.Humectants;5.Color;6.Other additives.The average weight of the ingredients listed in the preceding paragraph contained in each tobacco product shall be declared according to the type of tobacco products. Article 4
The emissions of tobacco products that shall be declared under the Act is as follows:1.Nicotine/free nicotine;2.Tar;3.Carbon monoxide;4.Benzo[α]pyrene;5.Benzene;6.Formaldehyde;7.Hydrogen cyanide.The average weight of the ingredients listed in the preceding paragraph contained in each tobacco product shall be declared according to the type of tobacco products. Tobacco products other than cigarettes are exempt from the declaration required by Paragraph 1. Article 5
Any known toxic information in the ingredients of tobacco products, additives and emissions shall be declared accurately and in detail and shall not be concealed. Article 6
The method of testing of ingredients, additives, and emissions of tobacco products shall conform to the relevant standards enacted by the governing agency in charge of standards inspection or other international standards; any method of testing not meeting such standards shall conform to the relevant standards adopted by a manufacturer or an importer of tobacco products (hereinafter as the "Producer"). Article 7
The declaration of ingredients, additives, and emissions of tobacco products shall be made in Chinese, accompanied with the English or chemical formula. The declaration of the known toxic information and other related information may be made in either Chinese or English.The declaration of the preceding paragraph shall be made in electronic or written form, or in the format required and announced by the central competent authority. Article 8
The Producer shall make the first declaration within six months after these Regulations have been announced. Any new addition or changes of the types of tobacco products or any changes in content shall be declared within thirty days after the addition or changes have been made.Starting from the year following the first declaration made pursuant to these Regulations, the Producer shall renew the declaration in December of each year. Article 9
The central competent authority may, if necessary, request to review and inspect any information relating to the declaration made and may also take samples for testing. The Producer shall not refuse, avoid or hinder such testing. However, the amount of the sample to be obtained for testing shall be limited to the amount needed.If the inspection (test) results of the preceding paragraph are inconsistent or missing from the information previously declared, the information declared shall be rectified within thirty days. Failure to rectify or the information rectified is still found to be inconsistent shall be considered as no declaration has been made.The central competent authority may authorize related professional institutions, agency or group to execute the application, inspection, and data management of reporting tobacco product information set forth in the preceding article of this Article. Regulations or the related matter of the inspection (test) set forth in the preceding first paragraph of this Article. Article 10
These Regulations shall come into effect on January 11, 2009.The amendment to this Regulations shall take effect on the date of promulgation. 
