Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with the regulations of Article 73 of the Communicable Disease Control Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
Those to be awarded under this set of Regulations shall be individuals, medical care (medical) institutions, and other relevant groups with outstanding contributions to the implementation of the communicable disease control operations of the Act. Article 3
Matters to be awarded under this set of Regulations are as follows:1. Reporting on own initiative the detection of communicable diseases (sources), and the detection is verified by the competent authorities;2. At time of major epidemics, participating actively in the relief and treatment of patients, assisting in the control or prevention of the transmission of diseases with outstanding services rendered;3. Providing recommendations for improvement for the research, planning, and implementation of disease control matters with outstanding contributions;4. On the communicable disease outbreaks, biological agent attacks or incidents, actively perform strain with outstanding achievements;5. Assisting competent authorities at various levels in implementing matters concerning communicable disease control with outstanding successes;6. Implementing other disease control matters with outstanding achievements. Article 4
Methods of award for acts mentioned in Subparagraph 2 through Subparagraph 6 of the preceding Article are as follows:1. Issuance of control bonuses;2. Public commendation and issuance of certificate of merit, medal, or plaque;3. Other methods of awards.Individuals having the status of government employees shall be awarded in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Article 5
Medical personnel report (notify) on own initiative communicable diseases (sources) detected and verified by the competent authorities shall be issued reporting bonusesStandards of the bonuses are as follows:1. Cases with a Category 1 or Category 5 communicable disease, or biological agent attacks or incidents, NT$ 10,000 per case; 2. The first indigenous case of seasons of epidemical in the year of the whole county (city) of dengue fever, chikungunya fever, west Nile fever, NT$ 4,000 per case; 3. Imported cases of dengue fever, chikungunya fever, NT$ 2,500 per case; 4. Indigenous or imported cases of the following communicable diseases: 1) Cases of enterohemorrhagic E coli infection, cholera, measles, rubella, congenital rubella syndrome or neonatal tetanus, NT$ 3,000 per case; 2) Cases of acute flaccid paralysis, NT$ 1,000 per case; if verified as poliomyelitis, additional NT$ 4,000;Laboratory personnel who referred to in Subparagraph 1 of the preceding Paragraph shall be issued NT$ 1,000. Article 6
Those who meet one of the following conditions shall be issued a reporting bonus of NT$ 2,500 per case:1. Persons who come forward to the competent authorities for the screening of communicable diseases that have been designated by the central competent authority and are verified as a case by the competent authorities;2. Persons other than medical personnel who, upon detection of cases of communicable diseases designated by the central competent authority, report on own initiative and the cases are verified by the competent authorities. Article 7
When persons are entitled to reporting bonuses of varied amounts, the highest amount shall be issued.When two or more persons report the same case, bonus shall be issued to the first person reporting; when the case is reported simultaneously by them, the bonus shall be evenly issued to them. Article 8
Individuals meeting regulations of Subparagraph 2 through Subparagraph 6 of Article 3, shall be issued disease control bonus of no more than NT$ 50,000.Targets for awards of the preceding Paragraph shall be limited to fifteen each yearThey shall be issued only one award of the many, if any. Article 9
Medical institutions or relevant groups meeting regulations of Subparagraph 2 through Subparagraph 6 of Article 3, shall be issued disease control bonus of no more than NT$ 100,000.Targets for awards of the preceding Paragraph shall be limited to fifteen each yearThey shall be issued only one award of the many, if any. Article 10
Awards of this set of Regulations shall be decided by the central competent authority; local competent authorities shall act accordingly. Article 11
This set of Regulations shall be implemented on the day of announcement. 
