Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 1, Article 13 of the HIV Infection Control and Patient Rights Protection Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The persons that shall be reported as specified in this set of Regulations are as follows:1.	persons who are infected with HIV but do not develop into disease (hereafter referred to as the no onset);2.	AIDS patients who are infected with HIV (hereafter referred to as the patient);3.	infants and children under 18 months of age who are suspected of being infected with HIV (hereafter referred to as the infants suspected of infection);4.	others that are deemed necessary by the central competent authority to require reporting. Article 3
Physicians, upon detection of persons that shall be reported, shall, in addition to reporting immediately to the local competent authorities, immediately adopt necessary infection control measures. Medical personnel other than physicians detect, in their performance of duties, persons that shall be reported, shall, in addition to report immediately to the local competent authorities, immediately report to the physicians in attendance. When information of the reporting mentioned in the two preceding Paragraphs is insufficient, local competent authorities may ask for supplementation within specified deadline. Article 4
When reporting, medical personnel shall submit the following information:1.	For the no onset: report of communicable disease case.Contents of the report include name of the infected, national identity number or passport number and resident permit number, sex, date of birth, residence, date of diagnosis, unit that confirmed the laboratory testing, and risk factors of infection, etc.2.	For the patient: report of AIDS case.Contents include name of the ill, national identity number or passport number and resident permit number, sex, date of birth, date of diagnosis, and basis for diagnosis, etc.3.	For infants suspected of infection: report of suspected mother-to-child horizontal infection.Contents include name of the infant suspected of infection, sex, date of birth, residence, whether preventive medication is given at birth, items of specimens collected for laboratory testing, date of blood collection, name of mother, national identity number, etc. Article 5
Reporting shall be made in principle in writing or online.When necessary, reporting may be made in advance initially by telephone or electronic mail. Article 6
Upon receipt of the reporting mentioned in the preceding Article, local competent authorities shall immediately forward the report to the central competent authority, and submit in time to the central competent authority information relevant to the investigation of the epidemic situation. Article 7
Local competent authorities shall place the cases reported under management, and by the needs of epidemic situation, visit the cases periodically to make arrangement for diagnosis and treatment or necessary supervision. Article 8
This set of Regulations shall be implemented on the day of announcement. 
