Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Paragraph 4 of Article 48 of the Employment Service Act. Article 2
Hospitals that simultaneously meet the qualifications of the following paragraphs, upon recommendation of the municipality, county (city) competent health authorities, may apply for designated hospitals for the health examination of employed aliens upon entry (hereafter referred to as the designated hospital):1. Being accredited as district and above hospitals.2. Being accredited as teaching hospitals.3. In performing the examination items and procedures of the health examination designated by the central competent health authority, the performance has been effectively accredited by accreditation authorities under the mutual recognition agreement of the International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation or other international laboratory accreditation authorities.Hospitals on offshore islands may, upon recommendation on a special project basis by the municipality, county (city) competent health authorities, apply for designated hospitalsThey shall not be restricted by the qualification requirements of the preceding Paragraph. Article 3
Hospitals, when making application of the preceding Article, shall submit the following documents to the municipality, county (city) competent health authoritiesUpon recommendation, they are forwarded to the central competent health authority for review and approval:1. Application Form for Designated Hospital for the Health Examination of Employed Aliens.2. Certification documents in Paragraph 1 of the preceding Article.3.Three-year valid qualifying certificate in training and testing of intestinal Protozoa examinations.4. Other documents regulated by the central competent health authority.Hospitals of the preceding Paragraph, after being reviewed and approved by the central competent health authority, may become designated hospitals; the designation is valid for three years For the review of designation and other relevant matters, the central comttent health authority may establish a review committee. Article 4
Designated hospitals, when performing health examination for employed aliens, shall meet relevant regulations of medical laws and also the following regulations:1. Shall correctly check the identity of the examinees, and establish procedures to prevent specimens from being adulterated or changed.2. Shall use large film or digital imaging (14in x 14in/14in x 14in) for chest x-Ray examination; films shall be read by radiology specialist or thoracic medicine specialist.3. Examination for Hansen's disease shall be performed by either dermatology specialist or physicians who have participated, in the last three years, in the Hansen's disease training programs recognized by the Ministry of Health and Welfare and are qualified by tests. 4. Each testing shall be subject to, at least once every year, the external proficiency testing scheme or quality control monitoring; if for some items no such proficiency testing scheme or quality control monitoring is available domestically, this regulation shall not apply.Designated hospitals shall keep for a certain period of time as required by relevant laws and regulations the health examination records, medical records, x-ray films, laboratory testing reports of employed aliens.When competent health authorities, by needs of operation, request to read and inspect the information of the preceding Paragraph, designated hospitals shall not refuse.Designated hospitals shall, by the time period regulated by the central competent health authority, upload their list of health examination results to the designated information platform. Article 5
Designated hospitals shall conduct health examination for employed aliens in the hospital, and shall not commission other institutions for such functionsTest items not designated by the central competent health authority shall be exempt from this restriction. Article 6
Competent health authorities at various levels may perform quality inspection on designated hospitals; designated hospitals shall not evade, hinder or refuse.Implementation of the inspection of the preceding Paragraph may be commissioned to relevant organizations, academic institutions or groups Article 7
Designated hospitals, when performing health examination for employed aliens, shall issue certificate of health examination; if any of the health examination items fail, and they meet the definitions for reporting of communicable diseases, they shall be reported as cases of communicable diseases in accordance with relevant regulations of the Communicable Disease Control Act. Article 8
When designated hospitals are found to be in one of the following conditions, the central competent health authority may revoke their designation:1. Changes in hospital accreditation or laboratory certification qualification resulting in not meeting required qualifications of Paragraph 1 of Article 2;2. Violation of regulations of Paragraph 3 of Article 4, Article 5 or Paragraph 1 of Article 6;3. Issuance of false certificate of health examination and is so proved by investigation;4. Obvious flaws are noted in the quality of health examination and operational procedures, and have been notified by competent health authorities at various levels for correction in due time and have not made correction;5. In violation of the regulations of Paragraph 4 of Article 4, and have been notified by competent health authorities at various levels for correction in due time and yet have not made correction.Designated hospitals whose qualifications are revoked by the central competent health authority in accordance with one of the regulations of Subparagraphs 2 through 4 of the preceding Paragraph, may apply again for designation two years after the day of revocation. Article 9
Designated hospitals may, within two to four months prior to the expiration of the validity of the designation, submit the following documents to the municipality, county (city) competent health authorities, and upon their recommendation, apply for extension with the central competent health authority 1. Application for extension as designated hospital for the health examination of employed aliens; 2. Documents regulated under the regulations of Subparagraph 2 through Subparagraph 6 of Paragraph 1, Article 3. When the application for extension of the preceding Paragraph is reviewed and approved, extension is grantedEach extension is valid for three years. Article 10
Hospitals designated by the central competent health authority for the health examination of alien laborers before the announcement and implementation of this set of Regulations, if they are not of one of the conditions for revocation mentioned in Article 8, they shall be considered designated hospitalsTheir designation is valid till 15 July 2006.Applications submitted before the announcement and implementation of this set of Regulations and are not yet designated, shall be reapplied in accordance with the regulations of this set of Regulations after the announcement and implementation of this set of Regulations.Application for designation made in the two years after the announcement and implementation of this set of Regulations shall be exempt from the revocation of the regulations of Subparagraph 2 of Paragraph 1 of Article 2Designation will be revoked if effective certificate regulated by the subparagraph is not obtained before 15 July 2006. Article 11
With the exception of Article 4 and Article 8 that were amended and announced on January 15, 2014 that will be implemented on March 1, 2014, the rest will become effective on the day of announcement. 
