Article 1
This set of Regulations is formulated in accordance with regulations of Article 26 of the Communicable Disease Control Act (hereafter referred to as the Act). Article 2
The central competent authority shall establish an epidemiological surveillance and advance-alert system for communicable diseases, and implement the following matters:1. Formulate definitions for reporting of communicable diseases and manuals for the prevention and control of communicable diseases for the communicable diseases specified under Article 3 of the Act.2. Establish nationwide surveillance and advance-alert systems for various communicable diseases and the collection and analysis of information for reporting; establish laboratory systems and computer network systems; and return the analyzed information to the reporting organizations and local competent authorities.3. Supervise local competent authorities to implement relevant matters regulated in the Regulations; and support them in handling epidemic situations when necessary.4. Other matters related to the epidemiological surveillance and advance-alert of communicable diseases.For all matters regulated in the Regulations, the central competent authority shall commission its subordinate Centers for Disease Control or relevant organizations (institutions) and groups for implementation.1. Formulate definitions for reporting of communicable diseases and manuals for the prevention and control of communicable diseases.2. Establish nationwide communicable diseases surveillance and advance-alert systems.3. Supervise local competent authorities to implement relevant matters regulated in the Regulations. Article 3
The Epidemiological Surveillance and Advance-Alert System for Communicable Diseases contains the following categories:1. National Notifiable surveillance and advance-alert system;2. Laboratory surveillance and advance-alert system;3. Sentinel medical institution surveillance and advance-alert system;4. School-based surveillance and advance-alert system;5. Nosocomial infection surveillance and advance-alert system;6. General public surveillance and advance-alert system;7. Disease control material surveillance and advance-alert system;8. Populous institution surveillance and advance-alert system;9. Symptom surveillance and advance-alert system;10. Real-time outbreak disease surveillance and advance-alert system;11. Other surveillance and advance-alert system of communicable diseases. Article 4
Matters to be implemented by the communicable disease surveillance and advance-alert system shall be:1. Upon detection of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases, physicians shall report to the local competent authorities by the regulated deadline.2. Upon detection of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases in the examination of human remains, forensic physicians shall report to the local competent authorities by the regulated deadline.3. Medical personnel other than physicians, upon detection of communicable diseases or suspected communicable diseases, shall, by the regulated deadline, report to physicians or report to the local competent authorities.4. When reporting to the local competent authorities in accordance with the preceding three subparagraphs, a Communicable and Emerging Infectious Disease Report Form shall be filled out or keyed into the information system designated by the central competent authority.5. The local competent authorities, upon receipt of the reports mentioned in subparagraph 1 through subparagraph 3 shall immediately transfer the reports and epidemiological investigation information to the central competent authority via computer networks.6. Medical institutions shall establish a nosocomial infection control unit or designate a full-time person to assist the reporting by physicians.Physicians, upon reporting to the local competent authorities, shall also inform the nosocomial infection unit or the full-time person. Article 5
(deleted) Article 6
Matters to be implemented by the laboratory surveillance and advance-alert system shall be:1. The central competent authority may designate hospitals equipped with clinical laboratories, laboratories of health bureaus (stations) or research institutions to periodically report specific pathogens and their laboratory tests results as specified in details in the attached table. When necessary, laboratories shall provide clinical specimens or pathogen isolates for surveillance and epidemiological investigations.2. The central competent authority shall conduct surveillance of epidemic conditions depend on actual needs. Appendix：List of Pathogens and Laboratory Test Methods for Laboratory Surveillance and Advance-Alert System.doc 
