Article 1
This Regulation is laid down in accordance with Paragraph 4 of Article 8 of the Act Governing Food Safety and Sanitation (hereinafter the "Act"). Article 2
This Regulation is applicable to the categories and scale of food businesses as promulgated by central competent authority in accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 8 of the Act. Article 3
Food businesses shall apply to the municipal or county (city) competent authorities in writing or by way of electronic verification for the purposes of registration, amendment, revocation or termination of registration and are required to regularly confirm the registration details.Food businesses shall appoint personnel (hereinafter the “Filing Personnel”) to be responsible for the registration and filing under the previous paragraph. Article 4
Various categories of food businesses shall register the following information:1. For manufacturing and processing businesses:(1) Filing Personnel's basic information;(2) Details of company or business registration;(3) Details of factory registration; (4) Details of factory or manufacturing site; (5) Status of commission or commissioned processing;(6) Information on the products to be manufactured and processed.(7) Other descriptions relating to manufacture activities.2. For catering businesses:(1) Filing Personnel's basic information;(2) Food businesses' basic information;(3) Basic information about the factory or the restaurant;(4) Information of chain stores; (5) Other descriptions relating to food and beverage activities. 3. For import businesses:(1) Filing Personnel's basic information;(2) Details of the company or business registration; (3) Category of import businesses;(4) Information on the products to be imported.(5) Repackaging and other descriptions relating to importing activities.4. For retail businesses:(1) Filing Personnel's basic information;(2) Food businesses' basic information;(3) Information on the products to be sold .(4) Other descriptions relating to sales activities.Food businesses operate in different categories simultaneously must complete separate registration in respect of such category.Information mentioned in item 6, subparagraph 1, paragraph 1 shall meet the requirements in appendix 1. Information mentioned in item 4 Subparagraphs 3, paragraph 1 shall meet the requirements in appendix 2. Information mentioned in item 3 Subparagraph 4, paragraph 1 shall meet the requirements in appendix 3.The food additive businesses who registered prior to the amendment of this regulation on June 23 of 2015 shall register in accordance with paragraph 1 and 3 of this article before July 31 of 2015. Appendix 1.docAppendix 2.docAppendix 3.doc 
