Article 1
In this Act,“national currency”means notes or coins issued by the Central Government or its authorized agency in the territory of the Republic of China (Taiwan). The provisions of this Act apply to those notes and coins issued by the above-described agency before the promulgation of this Act. Whoever, with intent to gain, smuggles silver, gold or any kind of new or old coins, shall be imprisoned for life or at least 5 years; in addition thereto, a fine of up to five times of the nominal or market value of the coins may be imposed.Whoever, with intent to gain, destroys any kind of new or old coins and smuggles them, shall be subject to the same penalties. An attempt to commit an offence specified in one of the two preceding paragraphs is also punishable. Article 2
Whoever, with intent to gain, destroys any kind of new or old coins, shall be imprisoned for at least 1 year up to 7 years; in addition thereto, a fine of up to three times of the nominal or market value of the coins may be imposed.An attempt to commit an offence specified in the preceding paragraph is also punishable. Article 3
Whoever counterfeits or falsifies any coins or notes with intent to circulate shall be imprisoned for at least 5 years; in addition thereto, a fine of up to 5,000,000 New Taiwan Dollars may be imposed.A person, who has committed the offense specified in the preceding paragraph that has resulted in severe disruptions to the financial system of the country, shall be imprisoned for life or at least 10 years; in addition thereto, a fine of up to 10,000,000 New Taiwan Dollars may be imposed.An attempt to commit the offense specified in the first paragraph is also punishable. Article 4
Whoever, with intent to gain, does not exchange coins or notes according to the legal exchange rates, shall be fined up to 10 times of the amount of the profit thus obtained.Whoever engages in the money exchange business and charges a fee or commission over 1% of the nominal value of the coins or notes to be exchanged, shall be subject to the same penalties. Article 5
Whoever damages coins or notes intentionally, and renders them unusable, shall be fined up to 5 times the nominal value of such coins or notes. Article 6
If an offense specified in this Act is committed, the silver, gold, any kind of new or old coins, or counterfeit, falsified or destroyed coins and notes shall be confiscated regardless of whether or not they belong to the offender. Article 7
This Act shall become effective on the date of promulgation. 
