[Jehoshaphat and Ahab] 1 Jehoshaphat enjoyed great riches and high esteem, and he made an alliance with Ahab of Israel by having his son marry Ahab's daughter. 2 A few years later he went to Samaria to visit Ahab, who prepared a great banquet for him and his officials. They butchered great numbers of sheep, goats, and cattle for the feast. Then Ahab enticed Jehoshaphat to join forces with him to recover Ramoth-gilead.3 "Will you go with me to Ramoth-gilead?" King Ahab of Israel asked King Jehoshaphat of Judah. Jehoshaphat replied, "Why, of course! You and I are as one, and my troops are your troops. We will certainly join you in battle." 4 Then Jehoshaphat added, "But first let's find out what the Lord  says."5 So the king of Israel summoned the prophets, 400 of them, and asked them, "Should we go to war against Ramoth-gilead, or should I hold back?" They all replied, "Yes, go right ahead! God will give the king victory."6 But Jehoshaphat asked, "Is there not also a prophet of the Lord  here? We should ask him the same question."7 The king of Israel replied to Jehoshaphat, "There is one more man who could consult the Lord  for us, but I hate him. He never prophesies anything but trouble for me! His name is Micaiah son of Imlah." Jehoshaphat replied, "That's not the way a king should talk! Let's hear what he has to say."8 So the king of Israel called one of his officials and said, "Quick! Bring Micaiah son of Imlah." [Micaiah Prophesies against Ahab] 9 King Ahab of Israel and King Jehoshaphat of Judah, dressed in their royal robes, were sitting on thrones at the threshing floor near the gate of Samaria. All of Ahab's prophets were prophesying there in front of them. 10 One of them, Zedekiah son of Kenaanah, made some iron horns and proclaimed, "This is what the Lord  says: With these horns you will gore the Arameans to death!"11 All the other prophets agreed. "Yes," they said, "go up to Ramoth-gilead and be victorious, for the Lord  will give the king victory!"12 Meanwhile, the messenger who went to get Micaiah said to him, "Look, all the prophets are promising victory for the king. Be sure that you agree with them and promise success."13 But Micaiah replied, "As surely as the Lord  lives, I will say only what my God says."14 When Micaiah arrived before the king, Ahab asked him, "Micaiah, should we go to war against Ramoth-gilead, or should I hold back?" Micaiah replied sarcastically, "Yes, go up and be victorious, for you will have victory over them!"15 But the king replied sharply, "How many times must I demand that you speak only the truth to me when you speak for the Lord ?"16 Then Micaiah told him, "In a vision I saw all Israel scattered on the mountains, like sheep without a shepherd. And the Lord  said, "Their master has been killed.* Send them home in peace.'"17 "Didn't I tell you?" the king of Israel exclaimed to Jehoshaphat. "He never prophesies anything but trouble for me."18 Then Micaiah continued, "Listen to what the Lord  says! I saw the Lord  sitting on his throne with all the armies of heaven around him, on his right and on his left. 19 And the Lord  said, "Who can entice King Ahab of Israel to go into battle against Ramoth-gilead so he can be killed?' "There were many suggestions, 20 and finally a spirit approached the Lord  and said, "I can do it!' ""How will you do this?' the Lord  asked.21 "And the spirit replied, "I will go out and inspire all of Ahab's prophets to speak lies.' ""You will succeed,' said the Lord . "Go ahead and do it.'22 "So you see, the Lord  has put a lying spirit in the mouths of your prophets. For the Lord  has pronounced your doom."23 Then Zedekiah son of Kenaanah walked up to Micaiah and slapped him across the face. "Since when did the Spirit of the Lord  leave me to speak to you?" he demanded.24 And Micaiah replied, "You will find out soon enough when you are trying to hide in some secret room!"25 "Arrest him!" the king of Israel ordered. "Take him back to Amon, the governor of the city, and to my son Joash. 26 Give them this order from the king: "Put this man in prison, and feed him nothing but bread and water until I return safely from the battle!'"27 But Micaiah replied, "If you return safely, it will mean that the Lord  has not spoken through me!" Then he added to those standing around, "Everyone mark my words!" [The Death of Ahab] 28 So King Ahab of Israel and King Jehoshaphat of Judah led their armies against Ramoth-gilead. 29 The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, "As we go into battle, I will disguise myself so no one will recognize me, but you wear your royal robes." So the king of Israel disguised himself, and they went into battle.30 Meanwhile, the king of Aram had issued these orders to his chariot commanders: "Attack only the king of Israel! Don't bother with anyone else." 31 So when the Aramean chariot commanders saw Jehoshaphat in his royal robes, they went after him. "There is the king of Israel!" they shouted. But Jehoshaphat called out, and the Lord  saved him. God helped him by turning the attackers away from him. 32 As soon as the chariot commanders realized he was not the king of Israel, they stopped chasing him.33 An Aramean soldier, however, randomly shot an arrow at the Israelite troops and hit the king of Israel between the joints of his armor. "Turn the horses* and get me out of here!" Ahab groaned to the driver of the chariot. "I'm badly wounded!"34 The battle raged all that day, and the king of Israel propped himself up in his chariot facing the Arameans. In the evening, just as the sun was setting, he died.       Footnotes: 18:16 Hebrew These people have no master.   18:33 Hebrew Turn your hand.  
