1So Solomon began to build the Temple of the LORD in Jerusalem on Mount Moriah, where the LORD had appeared to Solomon's father, King David. The Temple was built on the threshing floor of Araunah[a] the Jebusite, the site that David had selected.  2The construction began in midspring,[b] during the fourth year of Solomon's reign.3The foundation for the Temple of God was ninety feet long and thirty feet wide.[c]  4The foyer at the front of the Temple was thirty feet wide, running across the entire width of the Temple. The inner walls of the foyer and the ceiling were overlaid with pure gold. The roof of the foyer was thirty feet[d] high.5The main room of the Temple was paneled with cypress wood, overlaid with pure gold, and decorated with carvings of palm trees and chains.  6The walls of the Temple were decorated with beautiful jewels and with pure gold from the land of Parvaim.  7All the walls, beams, doors, and thresholds throughout the Temple were overlaid with gold, and figures of cherubim were carved on the walls.8The Most Holy Place was thirty feet wide, corresponding to the width of the Temple, and it was also thirty feet deep. Its interior was overlaid with about twenty-three tons[e] of pure gold.  9They used gold nails that weighed about twenty ounces[f] each. The walls of the upper rooms were also overlaid with pure gold.10Solomon made two figures shaped like cherubim and overlaid them with gold. These were placed in the Most Holy Place.  11The total wingspan of the two cherubim standing side by side was 30 feet. One wing of the first figure was 7 1/2 feet long, and it touched the Temple wall. The other wing, also 7 1/2 feet long, touched one of the wings of the second figure.  12In the same way, the second figure had one wing 7 1/2 feet long that touched the opposite wall. The other wing, also 7 1/2 feet long, touched the wing of the first figure.  13So the wingspan of both cherubim together was 30 feet. They both stood and faced out toward the main room of the Temple.  14Across the entrance of the Most Holy Place, Solomon hung a curtain made of fine linen and blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, with figures of cherubim embroidered on it.15For the front of the Temple, Solomon made two pillars that were 27 feet[g] tall, each topped by a capital extending upward another 7 1/2 feet.  16He made a network of interwoven chains and used them to decorate the tops of the pillars. He also made one hundred decorative pomegranates and attached them to the chains. 17Then he set up the two pillars at the entrance of the Temple, one to the south of the entrance and the other to the north. He named the one on the south Jakin, and the one on the north Boaz.[h]