THE TALE OF PETER RABBIT BY BEATRIX POTTER
《彼得兔的故事》

Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were--
從前，有這麼四隻小兔子，他們的大名是： 

Flopsy,
跳跳， 
Mopsy,
蹬蹬， 
Cotton-tail,
短尾巴， 
and Peter.
還有彼得。 

They lived with their Mother in a sand-bank, underneath the root of a very big fir-tree.
他們和兔子媽媽一起，住在一棵高大的無花果樹腳下的一個小土包後面。 
'Now my dears,' said old Mrs. Rabbit one morning, 'you may go into the fields or down the lane, but don't go into Mr. McGregor's garden: your Father had an accident there; he was put in a pie by Mrs. McGregor.'
“ 好了，親愛的孩子們，”一天早上，兔子媽媽說道，“現在你們可以到田野上去玩了，不過要記得走小路， 千萬別跑到蠻哥古裏古先生的菜園裏去了，你們的爸爸就是在那兒出的事——他被蠻哥古裏古先生捉住，放進一個大餡餅裏面去了。” 


'Now run along, and don't get into mischief. I am going out.'
“ 好了，你們去撒歡吧，別傷着自己。這會兒我還要出一趟門。” 

Then old Mrs. Rabbit took a basket and her umbrella, and went through the wood to the baker's. She bought a loaf of brown bread and five currant buns.
於是，兔子媽媽就提着一個小籃子，夾着一把傘，穿過樹林到麪包師傅那兒去了。她買了一長條黑麪包，還有五個夾葡萄乾的小圓麪包。 


Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail, who were good little bunnies, went down the lane to gather blackberries:
跳跳，蹬蹬和短尾巴，都是很乖的小兔子，他們就沿着小路走到田野上，去採摘黑莓漿果了。 
But Peter, who was very naughty, ran straight away to Mr. McGregor's garden, and squeezed under the gate!
可是，彼得這個淘氣包，卻立刻就朝着蠻哥古裏古先生的菜園跑去，他從關着的大門下面擠了過去！ 


First he ate some lettuces and some French beans; and then he ate some radishes;
他先是嚐了嚐那兒的萵苣和四季豆，接着又啃起了小紅蘿蔔。 
And then, feeling rather sick, he went to look for some parsley.
不過， 吃了太多的蘿蔔讓他覺得有點不舒服，他又想找一些芹菜來換換胃口。 


But round the end of a cucumber frame, whom should he meet but Mr. McGregor!
可繞過黃瓜架的盡頭，他看見了誰呢？正是蠻哥古裏古先生！ 
Mr. McGregor was on his hands and knees planting out young cabbages, but he jumped up and ran after Peter, waving a rake and calling out, 'Stop thief!'
蠻哥古裏古先生正跪在地上，手腳並用地種着捲心菜，可他一看見彼得就跳了起來，一邊追趕他，一邊還揮舞着一隻釘耙大叫：“站住，小偷！” 


Peter was most dreadfully frightened; he rushed all over the garden, for he had forgotten the way back to the gate.
彼得從來沒受過這樣的驚嚇，他一路飛奔着逃跑，跑遍了整個菜園，因爲他已經忘記了大門是開在哪邊。 
He lost one of his shoes among the cabbages, and the other shoe amongst the potatoes.
他在捲心菜的旁邊跑丟了一隻鞋，另一隻鞋也被甩進了土豆地裏。 
After losing them, he ran on four legs and went faster, so that I think he might have got away altogether if he had not unfortunately run into a gooseberry net, and got caught by the large buttons on his jacket. 
不過， 丟了鞋子以後，他甩開四條腿，反而跑得更快了，我猜想，要不是他因爲運氣不佳，撞到了醋栗叢裏，他肯定已經成功地逃之夭夭了。
It was a blue jacket with brass buttons, quite new.
可是， 醋栗的枝杈掛住了他夾克衫上面的一顆鈕釦——那可是一件嶄新的藍色夾克衫， 鈕釦都是黃銅做的。 


Peter gave himself up for lost, and shed big tears; but his sobs were overheard by some friendly sparrows, who flew to him in great excitement, and implored him to exert himself.
彼得爲自己的厄運感到很喪氣，他抽抽搭搭地哭起來。可這哭泣聲被幾隻友善的麻雀聽到了，他們嘰嘰喳喳地飛到彼得身邊，勸他再做一番努力。 
Mr. McGregor came up with a sieve, which he intended to pop upon the top of Peter; but Peter wriggled out just in time, leaving his jacket behind him.
蠻哥古裏古先生帶着一個篩網走了過來，他想拿手上的網子“砰”的一下罩在彼得的腦袋上，然而，彼得卻及時地掙扎了出來，這一次，他把自己的夾克衫也甩在了身後。 


And rushed into the tool-shed, and jumped into a can. 
他冒冒失失地跑進了工具房，還跳進了一個鐵罐裏，
It would have been a beautiful thing to hide in, if it had not had so much water in it.
要不是那裏面裝滿了水，倒也是個不錯的藏身處呢。 
Mr. McGregor was quite sure that Peter was somewhere in the tool-shed, perhaps hidden underneath a flower-pot. 
蠻哥古裏古先生確定小兔子就藏在工具房的某個角落，說不定就在哪個花盆底下。
He began to turn them over carefully, looking under each.
他開始把那些花盆一個個地翻過個來，仔細地朝底下張望。 
Presently Peter sneezed--'Kertyschoo!' Mr. McGregor was after him in no time.
就在這時，彼得打了個噴嚏——“啊啾！”蠻哥古裏古先生立刻發現了他。 


And tried to put his foot upon Peter, who jumped out of a window, upsetting three plants. 
因爲想用腳去踢彼得，他從一個窗口那兒蹦跳起來，掀翻了三盆花草。
The window was too small for Mr. McGregor, and he was tired of running after Peter. 
不過，這窗口對蠻哥古裏古先生來說還是太小，而他也實在累得不想再追着兔子跑了。 
He went back to his work.
於是，他就又回去幹自己的活了。 
Peter sat down to rest; he was out of breath and trembling with fright, and he had not the least idea which way to go. 
彼得終於可以坐下來歇一會兒啦。他還在爲剛纔的驚嚇瑟瑟發抖， 氣喘吁吁，而且也不知道現在究竟該往哪兒走纔好。
Also he was very damp with sitting in that can.
因爲剛纔躲在那隻罐子裏，他的全身都溼透了。 
After a time he began to wander about, going lippity--lippity--not very fast, and looking all round.
又過了一會兒，他才漸漸緩過神來，開始慢慢地、慢慢地向前移動了幾步， 同時東看看、西望望。 


He found a door in a wall; but it was locked, and there was no room for a fat little rabbit to squeeze underneath.
他在一堵牆上找到了一扇小門，可門是上了鎖的，而且對一隻肚子圓溜溜的小兔子來說，那門縫也顯得太窄了，根本就不可能擠出去。 
An old mouse was running in and out over the stone doorstep, carrying peas and beans to her family in the wood. 
一隻上了年紀的耗子從門口的石頭臺階上跑過，爲她樹林裏的一家子搬運豆子大餐。
Peter asked her the way to the gate, but she had such a large pea in her mouth that she could not answer. 
彼得在門邊向她問路，可她嘴裏塞了一顆很大的豌豆，所以什麼話也說不出來。
She only shook her head at him. Peter began to cry.
她只能衝彼得晃晃腦袋，彼得又開始“啪嗒、啪嗒”地掉眼淚了。 
Then he tried to find his way straight across the garden, but he became more and more puzzled. 
後來，他試着想找一條路直接穿過菜園回家去，可他在菜園裏轉悠的時間越長，就越是感到暈頭轉向。
Presently, he came to a pond where Mr. McGregor filled his water-cans. 
不久，他來到了一個小池塘邊上，蠻哥古裏古先生常常在這裏給他的鐵壺灌水。
A white cat was staring at some gold-fish, she sat very, very still, but now and then the tip of her tail twitched as if it were alive. 
此時， 一隻小白貓正在水邊注視着幾條金魚，她一直靜靜地、靜靜地坐着， 只有尾巴尖不時地抽動一下，好像尾巴本身才是個活生生的動物。
Peter thought it best to go away without speaking to her; he had heard about cats from his cousin, little Benjamin Bunny.
彼得決定最好還是立刻走開，他可不想和這隻貓兒打什麼交道，因爲很久以前，他就從堂兄本傑明小兔那兒聽說過關於這些貓的故事。 


He went back towards the tool-shed, but suddenly, quite close to him, he heard the noise of a hoe--scr-r-ritch, scratch, scratch, scritch. 
他又返回了工具房，忽然，他聽見不遠處傳來一陣“嘿—誇嘰—誇嘰—誇嘰嘰”的聲音。
Peter scuttered underneath the bushes. 
彼得嚇得一頭鑽進了灌木叢，
But presently, as nothing happened, he came out, and climbed upon a wheelbarrow and peeped over.
可不一會兒，因爲什麼可怕的東西也沒出現，所以他又大着膽子從藏身處爬了出來，爬上了一輛獨輪手推車，從那上面向下窺望。
The first thing he saw was Mr. McGregor hoeing onions. 
他第一眼就看見了正在挖洋蔥的蠻哥古裏古先生，
His back was turned towards Peter, and beyond him was the gate!
他背對着彼得，而離開他身邊不遠的地方，就是那扇菜園的大門！ 
Peter got down very quietly off the wheelbarrow; and started running as fast as he could go, along a straight walk behind some black-currant bushes.
彼得飛快地竄下了手推車，能跑多快就跑多快，他筆直不打彎地穿過了那些黑醋栗的灌木叢。 
Mr. McGregor caught sight of him at the corner, but Peter did not care. 
站在門邊的蠻哥古裏古先生當然也看見了他，可是彼得已經不在乎了，
He slipped underneath the gate, and was safe at last in the wood outside the garden.
他哧溜一下就從大門底下竄了出去， 終於平安無事地回到了菜園外面的樹林裏。 


Mr. McGregor hung up the little jacket and the shoes for a scare-crow to frighten the blackbirds.
蠻哥古裏古先生把彼得的小夾克衫和鞋子掛在了竹竿上，權且充當一個稻草人，用來嚇唬那些過路的山雀。 
Peter never stopped running or looked behind him till he got home to the big fir-tree.
彼得這時卻在不停地奔跑，一邊跑，一邊驚魂未定地往後瞧，直到他跑回了無花果大樹底下的家裏。 
He was so tired that he flopped down upon the nice soft sand on the floor of the rabbit-hole and shut his eyes. 
他跑得精疲力盡， 一回到兔子洞，就一頭栽倒在柔軟的沙土地板上，閉上了雙眼。
His mother was busy cooking; she wondered what he had done with his clothes. 
他的媽媽正忙着做飯，看到彼得又沒穿衣服跑回家來，她感到很奇怪。
It was the second little jacket and pair of shoes that Peter had lost in a fortnight!
這已經是兩個星期來，他丟掉的第二件夾克衫和第二雙小鞋子了！ 


I am sorry to say that Peter was not very well during the evening.
我不得不遺憾地告訴你，彼得那天晚上還是病了。 
His mother put him to bed, and made some camomile tea; and she gave a dose of it to Peter!
兔子媽媽把他抱上了牀， 然後煮了一些甘菊茶，原來這是她給彼得煮的藥！ 
'One table-spoonful to be taken at bed-time.'
“睡前要喝滿滿一大勺。” 


But Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail had bread and milk and blackberries for supper.
而跳跳、蹬蹬和短尾巴卻吃了一頓麪包、牛奶加黑莓漿果的香噴噴的晚飯。 


THE END
結束
