1The Lord now chose seventy-two[a] other disciples and sent them on ahead in pairs to all the towns and villages he planned to visit.  2These were his instructions to them: "The harvest is so great, but the workers are so few. Pray to the Lord who is in charge of the harvest, and ask him to send out more workers for his fields.  3Go now, and remember that I am sending you out as lambs among wolves.  4Don't take along any money, or a traveler's bag, or even an extra pair of sandals. And don't stop to greet anyone on the road.5"Whenever you enter a home, give it your blessing.  6If those who live there are worthy, the blessing will stand; if they are not, the blessing will return to you.  7When you enter a town, don't move around from home to home. Stay in one place, eating and drinking what they provide you. Don't hesitate to accept hospitality, because those who work deserve their pay.8"If a town welcomes you, eat whatever is set before you  9and heal the sick. As you heal them, say, `The Kingdom of God is near you now.'  10But if a town refuses to welcome you, go out into its streets and say, 11`We wipe the dust of your town from our feet as a public announcement of your doom. And don't forget the Kingdom of God is near!'  12The truth is, even wicked Sodom will be better off than such a town on the judgment day.13"What horrors await you, Korazin and Bethsaida! For if the miracles I did in you had been done in wicked Tyre and Sidon, their people would have sat in deep repentance long ago, clothed in sackcloth and throwing ashes on their heads to show their remorse.  14Yes, Tyre and Sidon will be better off on the judgment day than you.  15And you people of Capernaum, will you be exalted to heaven? No, you will be brought down to the place of the dead.[b]"16Then he said to the disciples, "Anyone who accepts your message is also accepting me. And anyone who rejects you is rejecting me. And anyone who rejects me is rejecting God who sent me."17When the seventy-two disciples returned, they joyfully reported to him, "Lord, even the demons obey us when we use your name!"18"Yes," he told them, "I saw Satan falling from heaven as a flash of lightning!  19And I have given you authority over all the power of the enemy, and you can walk among snakes and scorpions and crush them. Nothing will injure you.  20But don't rejoice just because evil spirits obey you; rejoice because your names are registered as citizens of heaven."21Then Jesus was filled with the joy of the Holy Spirit and said, "O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, thank you for hiding the truth from those who think themselves so wise and clever, and for revealing it to the childlike. Yes, Father, it pleased you to do it this way.22"My Father has given me authority over everything. No one really knows the Son except the Father, and no one really knows the Father except the Son and those to whom the Son chooses to reveal him."23Then when they were alone, he turned to the disciples and said, "How privileged you are to see what you have seen.  24I tell you, many prophets and kings have longed to see and hear what you have seen and heard, but they could not."25One day an expert in religious law stood up to test Jesus by asking him this question: "Teacher, what must I do to receive eternal life?"26Jesus replied, "What does the law of Moses say? How do you read it?"27The man answered, " `You must love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, all your strength, and all your mind.' And, `Love your neighbor as yourself.' "[c]28"Right!" Jesus told him. "Do this and you will live!"29The man wanted to justify his actions, so he asked Jesus, "And who is my neighbor?"30Jesus replied with an illustration: "A Jewish man was traveling on a trip from Jerusalem to Jericho, and he was attacked by bandits. They stripped him of his clothes and money, beat him up, and left him half dead beside the road.31"By chance a Jewish priest came along; but when he saw the man lying there, he crossed to the other side of the road and passed him by.  32A Temple assistant[d] walked over and looked at him lying there, but he also passed by on the other side.33"Then a despised Samaritan came along, and when he saw the man, he felt deep pity.  34Kneeling beside him, the Samaritan soothed his wounds with medicine and bandaged them. Then he put the man on his own donkey and took him to an inn, where he took care of him.  35The next day he handed the innkeeper two pieces of silver[e] and told him to take care of the man. `If his bill runs higher than that,' he said, `I'll pay the difference the next time I am here.'36"Now which of these three would you say was a neighbor to the man who was attacked by bandits?" Jesus asked.37The man replied, "The one who showed him mercy."ÊThen Jesus said, "Yes, now go and do the same."38As Jesus and the disciples continued on their way to Jerusalem, they came to a village where a woman named Martha welcomed them into her home.  39Her sister, Mary, sat at the Lord's feet, listening to what he taught.  40But Martha was worrying over the big dinner she was preparing. She came to Jesus and said, "Lord, doesn't it seem unfair to you that my sister just sits here while I do all the work? Tell her to come and help me."41But the Lord said to her, "My dear Martha, you are so upset over all these details!  42There is really only one thing worth being concerned about. Mary has discovered it--and I won't take it away from her."