[Signs of the Coming Exile] 1 Again a message came to me from the Lord : 2 "Son of man, you live among rebels who have eyes but refuse to see. They have ears but refuse to hear. For they are a rebellious people.3 "So now, son of man, pretend you are being sent into exile. Pack the few items an exile could carry, and leave your home to go somewhere else. Do this right in front of the people so they can see you. For perhaps they will pay attention to this, even though they are such rebels. 4 Bring your baggage outside during the day so they can watch you. Then in the evening, as they are watching, leave your house as captives do when they begin a long march to distant lands. 5 Dig a hole through the wall while they are watching and go out through it. 6 As they watch, lift your pack to your shoulders and walk away into the night. Cover your face so you cannot see the land you are leaving. For I have made you a sign for the people of Israel."7 So I did as I was told. In broad daylight I brought my pack outside, filled with the things I might carry into exile. Then in the evening while the people looked on, I dug through the wall with my hands and went out into the night with my pack on my shoulder.8 The next morning this message came to me from the Lord : 9 "Son of man, these rebels, the people of Israel, have asked you what all this means. 10 Say to them, "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: These actions contain a message for King Zedekiah in Jerusalem* and for all the people of Israel.' 11 Explain that your actions are a sign to show what will soon happen to them, for they will be driven into exile as captives.12 "Even Zedekiah will leave Jerusalem at night through a hole in the wall, taking only what he can carry with him. He will cover his face, and his eyes will not see the land he is leaving. 13 Then I will throw my net over him and capture him in my snare. I will bring him to Babylon, the land of the Babylonians,* though he will never see it, and he will die there. 14 I will scatter his servants and warriors to the four winds and send the sword after them. 15 And when I scatter them among the nations, they will know that I am the Lord . 16 But I will spare a few of them from death by war, famine, or disease, so they can confess all their detestable sins to their captors. Then they will know that I am the Lord ."17 Then this message came to me from the Lord : 18 "Son of man, tremble as you eat your food. Shake with fear as you drink your water. 19 Tell the people, "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says concerning those living in Israel and Jerusalem: They will eat their food with trembling and sip their water in despair, for their land will be stripped bare because of their violence. 20 The cities will be destroyed and the farmland made desolate. Then you will know that I am the Lord .'" [A New Proverb for Israel] 21 Again a message came to me from the Lord : 22 "Son of man, you've heard that proverb they quote in Israel: "Time passes, and prophecies come to nothing.' 23 Tell the people, "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: I will put an end to this proverb, and you will soon stop quoting it.' Now give them this new proverb to replace the old one: "The time has come for every prophecy to be fulfilled!'24 "There will be no more false visions and flattering predictions in Israel. 25 For I am the Lord ! If I say it, it will happen. There will be no more delays, you rebels of Israel. I will fulfill my threat of destruction in your own lifetime. I, the Sovereign Lord , have spoken!"26 Then this message came to me from the Lord : 27 "Son of man, the people of Israel are saying, "He's talking about the distant future. His visions won't come true for a long, long time.' 28 Therefore, tell them, "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: No more delay! I will now do everything I have threatened. I, the Sovereign Lord , have spoken!'"       Footnotes: 12:10 Hebrew the prince in Jerusalem; similarly in 12:12.   12:13 Or Chaldeans.  
