[Egypt Compared to Fallen Assyria] 1 On June 21,* during the eleventh year of King Jehoiachin's captivity, this message came to me from the Lord : 2 "Son of man, give this message to Pharaoh, king of Egypt, and all his hordes: "To whom would you compare your greatness?3 You are like mighty Assyria, which was once like a cedar of Lebanon, with beautiful branches that cast deep forest shade and with its top high among the clouds.4 Deep springs watered it and helped it to grow tall and luxuriant. The water flowed around it like a river, streaming to all the trees nearby.5 This great tree towered high, higher than all the other trees around it. It prospered and grew long thick branches because of all the water at its roots.6 The birds nested in its branches, and in its shade all the wild animals gave birth. All the great nations of the world lived in its shadow.7 It was strong and beautiful, with wide-spreading branches, for its roots went deep into abundant water.8 No other cedar in the garden of God could rival it. No cypress had branches to equal it; no plane tree had boughs to compare. No tree in the garden of God came close to it in beauty.9 Because I made this tree so beautiful, and gave it such magnificent foliage, it was the envy of all the other trees of Eden, the garden of God.10 "Therefore, this is what the Sovereign Lord  says: Because Egypt* became proud and arrogant, and because it set itself so high above the others, with its top reaching to the clouds, 11 I will hand it over to a mighty nation that will destroy it as its wickedness deserves. I have already discarded it. 12 A foreign army-the terror of the nations-has cut it down and left it fallen on the ground. Its branches are scattered across the mountains and valleys and ravines of the land. All those who lived in its shadow have gone away and left it lying there.13 "The birds roost on its fallen trunk, and the wild animals lie among its branches.14 Let the tree of no other nation proudly exult in its own prosperity, though it be higher than the clouds and it be watered from the depths. For all are doomed to die, to go down to the depths of the earth. They will land in the pit along with everyone else on earth.15 "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: When Assyria went down to the grave,* I made the deep springs mourn. I stopped its rivers and dried up its abundant water. I clothed Lebanon in black and caused the trees of the field to wilt. 16 I made the nations shake with fear at the sound of its fall, for I sent it down to the grave with all the others who descend to the pit. And all the other proud trees of Eden, the most beautiful and the best of Lebanon, the ones whose roots went deep into the water, took comfort to find it there with them in the depths of the earth. 17 Its allies, too, were all destroyed and had passed away. They had gone down to the grave-all those nations that had lived in its shade.18 "O Egypt, to which of the trees of Eden will you compare your strength and glory? You, too, will be brought down to the depths with all these other nations. You will lie there among the outcasts* who have died by the sword. This will be the fate of Pharaoh and all his hordes. I, the Sovereign Lord , have spoken!"       Footnotes: 31:1 Hebrew On the first day of the third month, of the ancient Hebrew lunar calendar. This event occurred on June 21, 587 b.c. ; also see note on 1:1.   31:10 Hebrew you.   31:15 Hebrew to Sheol; also in 31:16, 17.   31:18 Hebrew among the uncircumcised.  
