[A Message for Tyre's King] 1 Then this message came to me from the Lord : 2 "Son of man, give the prince of Tyre this message from the Sovereign Lord : "In your great pride you claim, "I am a god! I sit on a divine throne in the heart of the sea.' But you are only a man and not a god, though you boast that you are a god.3 You regard yourself as wiser than Daniel and think no secret is hidden from you.4 With your wisdom and understanding you have amassed great wealth- gold and silver for your treasuries.5 Yes, your wisdom has made you very rich, and your riches have made you very proud.6 "Therefore, this is what the Sovereign Lord  says: Because you think you are as wise as a god,7 I will now bring against you a foreign army, the terror of the nations. They will draw their swords against your marvelous wisdom and defile your splendor!8 They will bring you down to the pit, and you will die in the heart of the sea, pierced with many wounds.9 Will you then boast, "I am a god!' to those who kill you? To them you will be no god but merely a man!10 You will die like an outcast[a]at the hands of foreigners. I, the Sovereign Lord , have spoken!"11 Then this further message came to me from the Lord : 12 "Son of man, sing this funeral song for the king of Tyre. Give him this message from the Sovereign Lord : "You were the model of perfection, full of wisdom and exquisite in beauty.13 You were in Eden, the garden of God. Your clothing was adorned with every precious stone[b]- red carnelian, pale-green peridot, white moonstone, blue-green beryl, onyx, green jasper, blue lapis lazuli, turquoise, and emerald- all beautifully crafted for you and set in the finest gold. They were given to you on the day you were created.14 I ordained and anointed you as the mighty angelic guardian.[c]You had access to the holy mountain of God and walked among the stones of fire.15 "You were blameless in all you did from the day you were created until the day evil was found in you.16 Your rich commerce led you to violence, and you sinned. So I banished you in disgrace from the mountain of God. I expelled you, O mighty guardian, from your place among the stones of fire.17 Your heart was filled with pride because of all your beauty. Your wisdom was corrupted by your love of splendor. So I threw you to the ground and exposed you to the curious gaze of kings.18 You defiled your sanctuaries with your many sins and your dishonest trade. So I brought fire out from within you, and it consumed you. I reduced you to ashes on the ground in the sight of all who were watching.19 All who knew you are appalled at your fate. You have come to a terrible end, and you will exist no more." [A Message for Sidon] 20 Then another message came to me from the Lord : 21 "Son of man, turn and face the city of Sidon and prophesy against it. 22 Give the people of Sidon this message from the Sovereign Lord : "I am your enemy, O Sidon, and I will reveal my glory by what I do to you. When I bring judgment against you and reveal my holiness among you, everyone watching will know that I am the Lord .23 I will send a plague against you, and blood will be spilled in your streets. The attack will come from every direction, and your people will lie slaughtered within your walls. Then everyone will know that I am the Lord .24 No longer will Israel's scornful neighbors prick and tear at her like briers and thorns. For then they will know that I am the Sovereign Lord . [Restoration for Israel] 25 "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: The people of Israel will again live in their own land, the land I gave my servant Jacob. For I will gather them from the distant lands where I have scattered them. I will reveal to the nations of the world my holiness among my people. 26 They will live safely in Israel and build homes and plant vineyards. And when I punish the neighboring nations that treated them with contempt, they will know that I am the Lord  their God."       Footnotes:a.   28:10 Hebrew will die the death of the uncircumcised.  b.   28:13 The identification of some of these gemstones is uncertain.  c.   28:14 Hebrew guardian cherub; similarly in 28:16.  
