[A Message for Edom] 1 Again a message came to me from the Lord : 2 "Son of man, turn and face Mount Seir, and prophesy against its people. 3 Give them this message from the Sovereign Lord : "I am your enemy, O Mount Seir, and I will raise my fist against you to destroy you completely.4 I will demolish your cities and make you desolate. Then you will know that I am the Lord .5 "Your eternal hatred for the people of Israel led you to butcher them when they were helpless, when I had already punished them for all their sins. 6 As surely as I live, says the Sovereign Lord , since you show no distaste for blood, I will give you a bloodbath of your own. Your turn has come! 7 I will make Mount Seir utterly desolate, killing off all who try to escape and any who return. 8 I will fill your mountains with the dead. Your hills, your valleys, and your ravines will be filled with people slaughtered by the sword. 9 I will make you desolate forever. Your cities will never be rebuilt. Then you will know that I am the Lord .10 "For you said, "The lands of Israel and Judah will be ours. We will take possession of them. What do we care that the Lord  is there!' 11 Therefore, as surely as I live, says the Sovereign Lord , I will pay back your angry deeds with my own. I will punish you for all your acts of anger, envy, and hatred. And I will make myself known to Israel* by what I do to you. 12 Then you will know that I, the Lord , have heard every contemptuous word you spoke against the mountains of Israel. For you said, "They are desolate; they have been given to us as food to eat!' 13 In saying that, you boasted proudly against me, and I have heard it all!14 "This is what the Sovereign Lord  says: The whole world will rejoice when I make you desolate. 15 You rejoiced at the desolation of Israel's territory. Now I will rejoice at yours! You will be wiped out, you people of Mount Seir and all who live in Edom! Then you will know that I am the Lord .       Footnotes: 35:11 Hebrew to them; Greek version reads to you.  
