[The End of Tyre's Glory] 1 Then this message came to me from the Lord : 2 "Son of man, sing a funeral song for Tyre, 3 that mighty gateway to the sea, the trading center of the world. Give Tyre this message from the Sovereign Lord : "You boasted, O Tyre, "My beauty is perfect!'4 You extended your boundaries into the sea. Your builders made your beauty perfect.5 You were like a great ship built of the finest cypress from Senir.[a]They took a cedar from Lebanon to make a mast for you.6 They carved your oars from the oaks of Bashan. Your deck of pine from the coasts of Cyprus[b]was inlaid with ivory.7 Your sails were made of Egypt's finest linen, and they flew as a banner above you. You stood beneath blue and purple awnings made bright with dyes from the coasts of Elishah.8 Your oarsmen came from Sidon and Arvad; your helmsmen were skilled men from Tyre itself.9 Wise old craftsmen from Gebal did the caulking. Ships from every land came with goods to barter for your trade.10 "Men from distant Persia, Lydia, and Libya[c] served in your great army. They hung their shields and helmets on your walls, giving you great honor. 11 Men from Arvad and Helech stood on your walls. Your towers were manned by men from Gammad. Their shields hung on your walls, completing your beauty.12 "Tarshish sent merchants to buy your wares in exchange for silver, iron, tin, and lead. 13 Merchants from Greece,[d] Tubal, and Meshech brought slaves and articles of bronze to trade with you.14 "From Beth-togarmah came riding horses, chariot horses, and mules, all in exchange for your goods. 15 Merchants came to you from Dedan.[e] Numerous coastlands were your captive markets; they brought payment in ivory tusks and ebony wood.16 "Syria[f] sent merchants to buy your rich variety of goods. They traded turquoise, purple dyes, embroidery, fine linen, and jewelry of coral and rubies. 17 Judah and Israel traded for your wares, offering wheat from Minnith, figs,[g] honey, olive oil, and balm.18 "Damascus sent merchants to buy your rich variety of goods, bringing wine from Helbon and white wool from Zahar. 19 Greeks from Uzal[h] came to trade for your merchandise. Wrought iron, cassia, and fragrant calamus were bartered for your wares.20 "Dedan sent merchants to trade their expensive saddle blankets with you. 21 The Arabians and the princes of Kedar sent merchants to trade lambs and rams and male goats in exchange for your goods. 22 The merchants of Sheba and Raamah came with all kinds of spices, jewels, and gold in exchange for your wares.23 "Haran, Canneh, Eden, Sheba, Asshur, and Kilmad came with their merchandise, too. 24 They brought choice fabrics to trade-blue cloth, embroidery, and multicolored carpets rolled up and bound with cords. 25 The ships of Tarshish were your ocean caravans. Your island warehouse was filled to the brim! [The Destruction of Tyre] 26 "But look! Your oarsmen have taken you into stormy seas! A mighty eastern gale has wrecked you in the heart of the sea!27 Everything is lost- your riches and wares, your sailors and pilots, your ship builders, merchants, and warriors. On the day of your ruin, everyone on board sinks into the depths of the sea.28 Your cities by the sea tremble as your pilots cry out in terror.29 All the oarsmen abandon their ships; the sailors and pilots stand on the shore.30 They cry aloud over you and weep bitterly. They throw dust on their heads and roll in ashes.31 They shave their heads in grief for you and dress themselves in burlap. They weep for you with bitter anguish and deep mourning.32 As they wail and mourn over you, they sing this sad funeral song: "Was there ever such a city as Tyre, now silent at the bottom of the sea?33 The merchandise you traded satisfied the desires of many nations. Kings at the ends of the earth were enriched by your trade.34 Now you are a wrecked ship, broken at the bottom of the sea. All your merchandise and crew have gone down with you.35 All who live along the coastlands are appalled at your terrible fate. Their kings are filled with horror and look on with twisted faces.36 The merchants among the nations shake their heads at the sight of you,[i]for you have come to a horrible end and will exist no more.'"       Footnotes:a.   27:5 Or Hermon.  b.   27:6 Hebrew Kittim.  c.   27:10 Hebrew Paras, Lud, and Put.  d.   27:13 Hebrew Javan.  e.   27:15 Greek version reads Rhodes.  f.   27:16 Hebrew Aram; some manuscripts read Edom.  g.   27:17 The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  h.   27:19 Hebrew Vedan and Javan from Uzal. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  i.   27:36 Hebrew hiss at you.  
