[Josiah Rules in Judah] 1 Josiah was eight years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem thirty-one years. His mother was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah from Bozkath. 2 He did what was pleasing in the Lord 's sight and followed the example of his ancestor David. He did not turn away from doing what was right.3 In the eighteenth year of his reign, King Josiah sent Shaphan son of Azaliah and grandson of Meshullam, the court secretary, to the Temple of the Lord . He told him, 4 "Go to Hilkiah the high priest and have him count the money the gatekeepers have collected from the people at the Lord 's Temple. 5 Entrust this money to the men assigned to supervise the restoration of the Lord 's Temple. Then they can use it to pay workers to repair the Temple. 6 They will need to hire carpenters, builders, and masons. Also have them buy the timber and the finished stone needed to repair the Temple. 7 But don't require the construction supervisors to keep account of the money they receive, for they are honest and trustworthy men." [Hilkiah Discovers God's Law] 8 Hilkiah the high priest said to Shaphan the court secretary, "I have found the Book of the Law in the Lord 's Temple!" Then Hilkiah gave the scroll to Shaphan, and he read it.9 Shaphan went to the king and reported, "Your officials have turned over the money collected at the Temple of the Lord  to the workers and supervisors at the Temple." 10 Shaphan also told the king, "Hilkiah the priest has given me a scroll." So Shaphan read it to the king.11 When the king heard what was written in the Book of the Law, he tore his clothes in despair. 12 Then he gave these orders to Hilkiah the priest, Ahikam son of Shaphan, Acbor son of Micaiah, Shaphan the court secretary, and Asaiah the king's personal adviser: 13 "Go to the Temple and speak to the Lord  for me and for the people and for all Judah. Inquire about the words written in this scroll that has been found. For the Lord 's great anger is burning against us because our ancestors have not obeyed the words in this scroll. We have not been doing everything it says we must do."14 So Hilkiah the priest, Ahikam, Acbor, Shaphan, and Asaiah went to the New Quarter* of Jerusalem to consult with the prophet Huldah. She was the wife of Shallum son of Tikvah, son of Harhas, the keeper of the Temple wardrobe.15 She said to them, "The Lord , the God of Israel, has spoken! Go back and tell the man who sent you, 16 "This is what the Lord  says: I am going to bring disaster on this city* and its people. All the words written in the scroll that the king of Judah has read will come true. 17 For my people have abandoned me and offered sacrifices to pagan gods, and I am very angry with them for everything they have done. My anger will burn against this place, and it will not be quenched.'18 "But go to the king of Judah who sent you to seek the Lord  and tell him: "This is what the Lord , the God of Israel, says concerning the message you have just heard: 19 You were sorry and humbled yourself before the Lord  when you heard what I said against this city and its people-that this land would be cursed and become desolate. You tore your clothing in despair and wept before me in repentance. And I have indeed heard you, says the Lord . 20 So I will not send the promised disaster until after you have died and been buried in peace. You will not see the disaster I am going to bring on this city.'" So they took her message back to the king.       Footnotes: 22:14 Or the Second Quarter, a newer section of Jerusalem. Hebrew reads the Mishneh.   22:16 Hebrew this place; also in 22:19, 20.  
