[The Woman from Shunem Returns Home] 1 Elisha had told the woman whose son he had brought back to life, "Take your family and move to some other place, for the Lord  has called for a famine on Israel that will last for seven years." 2 So the woman did as the man of God instructed. She took her family and settled in the land of the Philistines for seven years.3 After the famine ended she returned from the land of the Philistines, and she went to see the king about getting back her house and land. 4 As she came in, the king was talking with Gehazi, the servant of the man of God. The king had just said, "Tell me some stories about the great things Elisha has done." 5 And Gehazi was telling the king about the time Elisha had brought a boy back to life. At that very moment, the mother of the boy walked in to make her appeal to the king about her house and land. "Look, my lord the king!" Gehazi exclaimed. "Here is the woman now, and this is her son-the very one Elisha brought back to life!"6 "Is this true?" the king asked her. And she told him the story. So he directed one of his officials to see that everything she had lost was restored to her, including the value of any crops that had been harvested during her absence. [Hazael Murders Ben-Hadad] 7 Elisha went to Damascus, the capital of Aram, where King Ben-hadad lay sick. When someone told the king that the man of God had come, 8 the king said to Hazael, "Take a gift to the man of God. Then tell him to ask the Lord , "Will I recover from this illness?'"9 So Hazael loaded down forty camels with the finest products of Damascus as a gift for Elisha. He went to him and said, "Your servant Ben-hadad, the king of Aram, has sent me to ask, "Will I recover from this illness?'"10 And Elisha replied, "Go and tell him, "You will surely recover.' But actually the Lord  has shown me that he will surely die!" 11 Elisha stared at Hazael[a] with a fixed gaze until Hazael became uneasy.[b] Then the man of God started weeping.12 "What's the matter, my lord?" Hazael asked him. Elisha replied, "I know the terrible things you will do to the people of Israel. You will burn their fortified cities, kill their young men with the sword, dash their little children to the ground, and rip open their pregnant women!"13 Hazael responded, "How could a nobody like me[c] ever accomplish such great things?" Elisha answered, "The Lord  has shown me that you are going to be the king of Aram."14 When Hazael left Elisha and went back, the king asked him, "What did Elisha tell you?" And Hazael replied, "He told me that you will surely recover."15 But the next day Hazael took a blanket, soaked it in water, and held it over the king's face until he died. Then Hazael became the next king of Aram. [Jehoram Rules in Judah] 16 Jehoram son of King Jehoshaphat of Judah began to rule over Judah in the fifth year of the reign of Joram son of Ahab, king of Israel. 17 Jehoram was thirty-two years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years. 18 But Jehoram followed the example of the kings of Israel and was as wicked as King Ahab, for he had married one of Ahab's daughters. So Jehoram did what was evil in the Lord 's sight. 19 But the Lord  did not want to destroy Judah, for he had promised his servant David that his descendants would continue to rule, shining like a lamp forever.20 During Jehoram's reign, the Edomites revolted against Judah and crowned their own king. 21 So Jehoram[d] went with all his chariots to attack the town of Zair.[e] The Edomites surrounded him and his chariot commanders, but he went out at night and attacked them[f] under cover of darkness. But Jehoram's army deserted him and fled to their homes. 22 So Edom has been independent from Judah to this day. The town of Libnah also revolted about that same time.23 The rest of the events in Jehoram's reign and everything he did are recorded in The Book of the History of the Kings of Judah.  24 When Jehoram died, he was buried with his ancestors in the City of David. Then his son Ahaziah became the next king. [Ahaziah Rules in Judah] 25 Ahaziah son of Jehoram began to rule over Judah in the twelfth year of the reign of Joram son of Ahab, king of Israel.26 Ahaziah was twenty-two years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem one year. His mother was Athaliah, a granddaughter of King Omri of Israel. 27 Ahaziah followed the evil example of King Ahab's family. He did what was evil in the Lord 's sight, just as Ahab's family had done, for he was related by marriage to the family of Ahab.28 Ahaziah joined Joram son of Ahab in his war against King Hazael of Aram at Ramoth-gilead. When the Arameans wounded King Joram in the battle, 29 he returned to Jezreel to recover from the wounds he had received at Ramoth.[g] Because Joram was wounded, King Ahaziah of Judah went to Jezreel to visit him.       Footnotes:a.   8:11a Hebrew He stared at him.  b.   8:11b The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  c.   8:13 Hebrew a dog.  d.   8:21a Hebrew Joram, a variant spelling of Jehoram; also in 8:23, 24.  e.   8:21b Greek version reads Seir.  f.   8:21c Or he went out and escaped. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  g.   8:29 Hebrew Ramah, a variant spelling of Ramoth.  
