1 During Jehoiakim's reign, King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon invaded the land of Judah. Jehoiakim surrendered and paid him tribute for three years but then rebelled. 2 Then the Lord  sent bands of Babylonian,[a] Aramean, Moabite, and Ammonite raiders against Judah to destroy it, just as the Lord  had promised through his prophets. 3 These disasters happened to Judah because of the Lord 's command. He had decided to banish Judah from his presence because of the many sins of Manasseh, 4 who had filled Jerusalem with innocent blood. The Lord  would not forgive this.5 The rest of the events in Jehoiakim's reign and all his deeds are recorded in The Book of the History of the Kings of Judah.  6 When Jehoiakim died, his son Jehoiachin became the next king.7 The king of Egypt did not venture out of his country after that, for the king of Babylon captured the entire area formerly claimed by Egypt-from the Brook of Egypt to the Euphrates River. [Jehoiachin Rules in Judah] 8 Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. His mother was Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan from Jerusalem. 9 Jehoiachin did what was evil in the Lord 's sight, just as his father had done.10 During Jehoiachin's reign, the officers of King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon came up against Jerusalem and besieged it. 11 Nebuchadnezzar himself arrived at the city during the siege. 12 Then King Jehoiachin, along with the queen mother, his advisers, his commanders, and his officials, surrendered to the Babylonians. In the eighth year of Nebuchadnezzar's reign, he took Jehoiachin prisoner. 13 As the Lord  had said beforehand, Nebuchadnezzar carried away all the treasures from the Lord 's Temple and the royal palace. He stripped away[b] all the gold objects that King Solomon of Israel had placed in the Temple. 14 King Nebuchadnezzar took all of Jerusalem captive, including all the commanders and the best of the soldiers, craftsmen, and artisans-10,000 in all. Only the poorest people were left in the land.15 Nebuchadnezzar led King Jehoiachin away as a captive to Babylon, along with the queen mother, his wives and officials, and all Jerusalem's elite. 16 He also exiled 7,000 of the best troops and 1,000 craftsmen and artisans, all of whom were strong and fit for war. 17 Then the king of Babylon installed Mattaniah, Jehoiachin's[c] uncle, as the next king, and he changed Mattaniah's name to Zedekiah. [Zedekiah Rules in Judah] 18 Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem eleven years. His mother was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah from Libnah. 19 But Zedekiah did what was evil in the Lord 's sight, just as Jehoiakim had done. 20 These things happened because of the Lord 's anger against the people of Jerusalem and Judah, until he finally banished them from his presence and sent them into exile. [The Fall of Jerusalem] Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.       Footnotes:a.   24:2 Or Chaldean.  b.   24:13 Or He cut apart.  c.   24:17 Hebrew his.  