[Amaziah Rules in Judah] 1 Amaziah son of Joash began to rule over Judah in the second year of the reign of King Jehoash[a] of Israel. 2 Amaziah was twenty-five years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem twenty-nine years. His mother was Jehoaddin from Jerusalem. 3 Amaziah did what was pleasing in the Lord 's sight, but not like his ancestor David. Instead, he followed the example of his father, Joash. 4 Amaziah did not destroy the pagan shrines, and the people still offered sacrifices and burned incense there.5 When Amaziah was well established as king, he executed the officials who had assassinated his father. 6 However, he did not kill the children of the assassins, for he obeyed the command of the Lord  as written by Moses in the Book of the Law: "Parents must not be put to death for the sins of their children, nor children for the sins of their parents. Those deserving to die must be put to death for their own crimes."[b]7 Amaziah also killed 10,000 Edomites in the Valley of Salt. He also conquered Sela and changed its name to Joktheel, as it is called to this day.8 One day Amaziah sent messengers with this challenge to Israel's king Jehoash, the son of Jehoahaz and grandson of Jehu: "Come and meet me in battle!"[c]9 But King Jehoash of Israel replied to King Amaziah of Judah with this story: "Out in the Lebanon mountains, a thistle sent a message to a mighty cedar tree: "Give your daughter in marriage to my son.' But just then a wild animal of Lebanon came by and stepped on the thistle, crushing it!10 "You have indeed defeated Edom, and you are proud of it. But be content with your victory and stay at home! Why stir up trouble that will only bring disaster on you and the people of Judah?"11 But Amaziah refused to listen, so King Jehoash of Israel mobilized his army against King Amaziah of Judah. The two armies drew up their battle lines at Beth-shemesh in Judah. 12 Judah was routed by the army of Israel, and its army scattered and fled for home. 13 King Jehoash of Israel captured Judah's king, Amaziah son of Joash and grandson of Ahaziah, at Beth-shemesh. Then he marched to Jerusalem, where he demolished 600 feet[d] of Jerusalem's wall, from the Ephraim Gate to the Corner Gate. 14 He carried off all the gold and silver and all the articles from the Temple of the Lord . He also seized the treasures from the royal palace, along with hostages, and then returned to Samaria.15 The rest of the events in Jehoash's reign and everything he did, including the extent of his power and his war with King Amaziah of Judah, are recorded in The Book of the History of the Kings of Israel.  16 When Jehoash died, he was buried in Samaria with the kings of Israel. And his son Jeroboam II became the next king.17 King Amaziah of Judah lived for fifteen years after the death of King Jehoash of Israel. 18 The rest of the events in Amaziah's reign are recorded in The Book of the History of the Kings of Judah. 19 There was a conspiracy against Amaziah's life in Jerusalem, and he fled to Lachish. But his enemies sent assassins after him, and they killed him there. 20 They brought his body back to Jerusalem on a horse, and he was buried with his ancestors in the City of David.21 All the people of Judah had crowned Amaziah's sixteen-year-old son, Uzziah,[e] as king in place of his father, Amaziah. 22 After his father's death, Uzziah rebuilt the town of Elath and restored it to Judah. [Jeroboam II Rules in Israel] 23 Jeroboam II, the son of Jehoash, began to rule over Israel in the fifteenth year of King Amaziah's reign in Judah. He reigned in Samaria forty-one years. 24 He did what was evil in the Lord 's sight. He refused to turn from the sins that Jeroboam son of Nebat had led Israel to commit. 25 Jeroboam II recovered the territories of Israel between Lebo-hamath and the Dead Sea,[f] just as the Lord , the God of Israel, had promised through Jonah son of Amittai, the prophet from Gath-hepher.26 For the Lord  saw the bitter suffering of everyone in Israel, and that there was no one in Israel, slave or free, to help them. 27 And because the Lord  had not said he would blot out the name of Israel completely, he used Jeroboam II, the son of Jehoash, to save them.28 The rest of the events in the reign of Jeroboam II and everything he did-including the extent of his power, his wars, and how he recovered for Israel both Damascus and Hamath, which had belonged to Judah[g]-are recorded in The Book of the History of the Kings of Israel.  29 When Jeroboam II died, he was buried in Samaria[h] with the kings of Israel. Then his son Zechariah became the next king.       Footnotes:a.   14:1 Hebrew Joash, a variant spelling of Jehoash; also in 14:13, 23, 27.  b.   14:6 Deut 24:16. c.   14:8 Hebrew Come, let us look one another in the face. d.   14:13 Hebrew 400 cubits [180 meters].  e.   14:21 Hebrew Azariah, a variant spelling of Uzziah.  f.   14:25 Hebrew the sea of the Arabah.  g.   14:28 Or to Yaudi. The meaning of the Hebrew is uncertain.  h.   14:29 As in some Greek manuscripts; Hebrew lacks he was buried in Samaria.  