[Israel Accepts the Lord's Covenant] 1 Then the Lord  instructed Moses: "Come up here to me, and bring along Aaron, Nadab, Abihu, and seventy of Israel's elders. All of you must worship from a distance. 2 Only Moses is allowed to come near to the Lord . The others must not come near, and none of the other people are allowed to climb up the mountain with him."3 Then Moses went down to the people and repeated all the instructions and regulations the Lord  had given him. All the people answered with one voice, "We will do everything the Lord  has commanded."4 Then Moses carefully wrote down all the Lord 's instructions. Early the next morning Moses got up and built an altar at the foot of the mountain. He also set up twelve pillars, one for each of the twelve tribes of Israel. 5 Then he sent some of the young Israelite men to present burnt offerings and to sacrifice bulls as peace offerings to the Lord . 6 Moses drained half the blood from these animals into basins. The other half he splattered against the altar.7 Then he took the Book of the Covenant and read it aloud to the people. Again they all responded, "We will do everything the Lord  has commanded. We will obey."8 Then Moses took the blood from the basins and splattered it over the people, declaring, "Look, this blood confirms the covenant the Lord  has made with you in giving you these instructions."9 Then Moses, Aaron, Nadab, Abihu, and the seventy elders of Israel climbed up the mountain. 10 There they saw the God of Israel. Under his feet there seemed to be a surface of brilliant blue lapis lazuli, as clear as the sky itself. 11 And though these nobles of Israel gazed upon God, he did not destroy them. In fact, they ate a covenant meal, eating and drinking in his presence!12 Then the Lord  said to Moses, "Come up to me on the mountain. Stay there, and I will give you the tablets of stone on which I have inscribed the instructions and commands so you can teach the people." 13 So Moses and his assistant Joshua set out, and Moses climbed up the mountain of God.14 Moses told the elders, "Stay here and wait for us until we come back. Aaron and Hur are here with you. If anyone has a dispute while I am gone, consult with them."15 Then Moses climbed up the mountain, and the cloud covered it. 16 And the glory of the Lord  settled down on Mount Sinai, and the cloud covered it for six days. On the seventh day the Lord  called to Moses from inside the cloud. 17 To the Israelites at the foot of the mountain, the glory of the Lord  appeared at the summit like a consuming fire. 18 Then Moses disappeared into the cloud as he climbed higher up the mountain. He remained on the mountain forty days and forty nights.       
