1The LORD said to Moses,  2"Tell the people of Israel that everyone who wants to may bring me an offering. 3Here is a list of items you may accept on my behalf: gold, silver, and bronze;  4blue, purple, and scarlet yarn; fine linen; goat hair for cloth;  5tanned ram skins and fine goatskin leather; acacia wood;  6olive oil for the lamps; spices for the anointing oil and the fragrant incense;  7onyx stones, and other stones to be set in the ephod and the chestpiece.8"I want the people of Israel to build me a sacred residence where I can live among them.  9You must make this Tabernacle and its furnishings exactly according to the plans I will show you.10"Make an Ark of acacia wood--a sacred chest 3 3/4 feet long, 2 1/4 feet wide, and 2 1/4 feet high.[a] 11Overlay it inside and outside with pure gold, and put a molding of gold all around it.  12Cast four rings of gold for it, and attach them to its four feet, two rings on each side.  13Make poles from acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.  14Fit the poles into the rings at the sides of the Ark to carry it.  15These carrying poles must never be taken from the rings; they are to be left there permanently.  16When the Ark is finished, place inside it the stone tablets inscribed with the terms of the covenant,[b] which I will give to you.17"Then make the Ark's cover--the place of atonement--out of pure gold. It must be 3 3/4 feet long and 2 1/4 feet wide.  18Then use hammered gold to make two cherubim, and place them at the two ends of the atonement cover.  19Attach the cherubim to each end of the atonement cover, making it all one piece.  20The cherubim will face each other, looking down on the atonement cover with their wings spread out above it. 21Place inside the Ark the stone tablets inscribed with the terms of the covenant, which I will give to you. Then put the atonement cover on top of the Ark.  22I will meet with you there and talk to you from above the atonement cover between the gold cherubim that hover over the Ark of the Covenant.[c] From there I will give you my commands for the people of Israel.23"Then make a table of acacia wood, 3 feet long, 1 1/2 feet wide, and 2 1/4 feet high.  24Overlay it with pure gold and run a molding of gold around it.  25Put a rim about three inches[d] wide around the top edge, and put a gold molding all around the rim.  26Make four gold rings, and put the rings at the four corners by the four legs,  27close to the rim around the top. These rings will support the poles used to carry the table. 28Make these poles from acacia wood and overlay them with gold.  29And make gold plates and dishes, as well as pitchers and bowls to be used in pouring out drink offerings.  30You must always keep the special Bread of the Presence on the table before me.31"Make a lampstand of pure, hammered gold. The entire lampstand and its decorations will be one piece--the base, center stem, lamp cups, buds, and blossoms.  32It will have six branches, three branches going out from each side of the center stem.  33Each of the six branches will hold a cup shaped like an almond blossom, complete with buds and petals.  34The center stem of the lampstand will be decorated with four almond blossoms, complete with buds and petals.  35One blossom will be set beneath each pair of branches where they extend from the center stem.  36The decorations and branches must all be one piece with the stem, and they must be hammered from pure gold.  37Then make the seven lamps for the lampstand, and set them so they reflect their light forward.  38The lamp snuffers and trays must also be made of pure gold.  39You will need seventy-five pounds[e] of pure gold for the lampstand and its accessories.40"Be sure that you make everything according to the pattern I have shown you here on the mountain.