[Instructions for the Sabbath] 1 Then Moses called together the whole community of Israel and told them, "These are the instructions the Lord  has commanded you to follow. 2 You have six days each week for your ordinary work, but the seventh day must be a Sabbath day of complete rest, a holy day dedicated to the Lord . Anyone who works on that day must be put to death. 3 You must not even light a fire in any of your homes on the Sabbath." [Offerings for the Tabernacle] 4 Then Moses said to the whole community of Israel, "This is what the Lord  has commanded: 5 Take a sacred offering for the Lord . Let those with generous hearts present the following gifts to the Lord : gold, silver, and bronze;6 blue, purple, and scarlet thread; fine linen and goat hair for cloth;7 tanned ram skins and fine goatskin leather; acacia wood;8 olive oil for the lamps; spices for the anointing oil and the fragrant incense;9 onyx stones, and other gemstones to be set in the ephod and the priest's chestpiece.10 "Come, all of you who are gifted craftsmen. Construct everything that the Lord  has commanded:11 the Tabernacle and its sacred tent, its covering, clasps, frames, crossbars, posts, and bases;12 the Ark and its carrying poles; the Ark's cover-the place of atonement; the inner curtain to shield the Ark;13 the table, its carrying poles, and all its utensils; the Bread of the Presence;14 for light, the lampstand, its accessories, the lamp cups, and the olive oil for lighting;15 the incense altar and its carrying poles; the anointing oil and fragrant incense; the curtain for the entrance of the Tabernacle;16 the altar of burnt offering; the bronze grating of the altar and its carrying poles and utensils; the washbasin with its stand;17 the curtains for the walls of the courtyard; the posts and their bases; the curtain for the entrance to the courtyard;18 the tent pegs of the Tabernacle and courtyard and their ropes;19 the beautifully stitched garments for the priests to wear while ministering in the Holy Place-the sacred garments for Aaron the priest, and the garments for his sons to wear as they minister as priests."20 So the whole community of Israel left Moses and returned to their tents. 21 All whose hearts were stirred and whose spirits were moved came and brought their sacred offerings to the Lord . They brought all the materials needed for the Tabernacle,* for the performance of its rituals, and for the sacred garments. 22 Both men and women came, all whose hearts were willing. They brought to the Lord  their offerings of gold-brooches, earrings, rings from their fingers, and necklaces. They presented gold objects of every kind as a special offering to the Lord . 23 All those who owned the following items willingly brought them: blue, purple, and scarlet thread; fine linen and goat hair for cloth; and tanned ram skins and fine goatskin leather. 24 And all who had silver and bronze objects gave them as a sacred offering to the Lord . And those who had acacia wood brought it for use in the project.25 All the women who were skilled in sewing and spinning prepared blue, purple, and scarlet thread, and fine linen cloth. 26 All the women who were willing used their skills to spin the goat hair into yarn. 27 The leaders brought onyx stones and the special gemstones to be set in the ephod and the priest's chestpiece. 28 They also brought spices and olive oil for the light, the anointing oil, and the fragrant incense. 29 So the people of Israel-every man and woman who was eager to help in the work the Lord  had given them through Moses-brought their gifts and gave them freely to the Lord .30 Then Moses told the people of Israel, "The Lord  has specifically chosen Bezalel son of Uri, grandson of Hur, of the tribe of Judah. 31 The Lord  has filled Bezalel with the Spirit of God, giving him great wisdom, ability, and expertise in all kinds of crafts. 32 He is a master craftsman, expert in working with gold, silver, and bronze. 33 He is skilled in engraving and mounting gemstones and in carving wood. He is a master at every craft. 34 And the Lord  has given both him and Oholiab son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, the ability to teach their skills to others. 35 The Lord  has given them special skills as engravers, designers, embroiderers in blue, purple, and scarlet thread on fine linen cloth, and weavers. They excel as craftsmen and as designers.       Footnotes: 35:21 Hebrew Tent of Meeting.  
