[Signs of the Lord's Power] 1 But Moses protested again, "What if they won't believe me or listen to me? What if they say, "The Lord  never appeared to you'?"2 Then the Lord  asked him, "What is that in your hand?" "A shepherd's staff," Moses replied.3 "Throw it down on the ground," the Lord  told him. So Moses threw down the staff, and it turned into a snake! Moses jumped back.4 Then the Lord  told him, "Reach out and grab its tail." So Moses reached out and grabbed it, and it turned back into a shepherd's staff in his hand.5 "Perform this sign," the Lord  told him. "Then they will believe that the Lord , the God of their ancestors-the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob-really has appeared to you."6 Then the Lord  said to Moses, "Now put your hand inside your cloak." So Moses put his hand inside his cloak, and when he took it out again, his hand was white as snow with a severe skin disease.[a] 7 "Now put your hand back into your cloak," the Lord  said. So Moses put his hand back in, and when he took it out again, it was as healthy as the rest of his body.8 The Lord  said to Moses, "If they do not believe you and are not convinced by the first miraculous sign, they will be convinced by the second sign. 9 And if they don't believe you or listen to you even after these two signs, then take some water from the Nile River and pour it out on the dry ground. When you do, the water from the Nile will turn to blood on the ground."10 But Moses pleaded with the Lord , "O Lord, I'm not very good with words. I never have been, and I'm not now, even though you have spoken to me. I get tongue-tied, and my words get tangled."11 Then the Lord  asked Moses, "Who makes a person's mouth? Who decides whether people speak or do not speak, hear or do not hear, see or do not see? Is it not I, the Lord ? 12 Now go! I will be with you as you speak, and I will instruct you in what to say."13 But Moses again pleaded, "Lord, please! Send anyone else."14 Then the Lord  became angry with Moses. "All right," he said. "What about your brother, Aaron the Levite? I know he speaks well. And look! He is on his way to meet you now. He will be delighted to see you. 15 Talk to him, and put the words in his mouth. I will be with both of you as you speak, and I will instruct you both in what to do. 16 Aaron will be your spokesman to the people. He will be your mouthpiece, and you will stand in the place of God for him, telling him what to say. 17 And take your shepherd's staff with you, and use it to perform the miraculous signs I have shown you." [Moses Returns to Egypt] 18 So Moses went back home to Jethro, his father-in-law. "Please let me return to my relatives in Egypt," Moses said. "I don't even know if they are still alive." "Go in peace," Jethro replied.19 Before Moses left Midian, the Lord  said to him, "Return to Egypt, for all those who wanted to kill you have died."20 So Moses took his wife and sons, put them on a donkey, and headed back to the land of Egypt. In his hand he carried the staff of God.21 And the Lord  told Moses, "When you arrive back in Egypt, go to Pharaoh and perform all the miracles I have empowered you to do. But I will harden his heart so he will refuse to let the people go. 22 Then you will tell him, "This is what the Lord  says: Israel is my firstborn son. 23 I commanded you, "Let my son go, so he can worship me." But since you have refused, I will now kill your firstborn son!'"24 On the way to Egypt, at a place where Moses and his family had stopped for the night, the Lord  confronted him and was about to kill him. 25 But Moses' wife, Zipporah, took a flint knife and circumcised her son. She touched his feet[b] with the foreskin and said, "Now you are a bridegroom of blood to me." 26 (When she said "a bridegroom of blood," she was referring to the circumcision.) After that, the Lord  left him alone.27 Now the Lord  had said to Aaron, "Go out into the wilderness to meet Moses." So Aaron went and met Moses at the mountain of God, and he embraced him. 28 Moses then told Aaron everything the Lord  had commanded him to say. And he told him about the miraculous signs the Lord  had commanded him to perform.29 Then Moses and Aaron returned to Egypt and called all the elders of Israel together. 30 Aaron told them everything the Lord  had told Moses, and Moses performed the miraculous signs as they watched. 31 Then the people of Israel were convinced that the Lord  had sent Moses and Aaron. When they heard that the Lord  was concerned about them and had seen their misery, they bowed down and worshiped.       Footnotes:a.   4:6 Or with leprosy. The Hebrew word used here can describe various skin diseases.  b.   4:25 The Hebrew word for "feet" may refer here to the male sex organ.  