1"Using acacia wood, make a square altar 7 1/2 feet wide, 7 1/2 feet long, and 4 1/2 feet high.[a]  2Make a horn at each of the four corners of the altar so the horns and altar are all one piece. Overlay the altar and its horns with bronze.  3The ash buckets, shovels, basins, meat hooks, and firepans will all be made of bronze. 4Make a bronze grating, with a metal ring at each corner.  5Fit the grating halfway down into the firebox, resting it on the ledge built there.  6For moving the altar, make poles from acacia wood, and overlay them with bronze.  7To carry it, put the poles into the rings at two sides of the altar.  8The altar must be hollow, made from planks. Be careful to build it just as you were shown on the mountain.9"Then make a courtyard for the Tabernacle, enclosed with curtains made from fine linen. On the south side the curtains will stretch for 150 feet.  10They will be held up by twenty bronze posts that fit into twenty bronze bases. The curtains will be held up with silver hooks attached to the silver rods that are attached to the posts. 11It will be the same on the north side of the courtyard--150 feet of curtains held up by twenty posts fitted into bronze bases, with silver hooks and rods.  12The curtains on the west end of the courtyard will be 75 feet long, supported by ten posts set into ten bases.  13The east end will also be 75 feet long.  14The courtyard entrance will be on the east end, flanked by two curtains. The curtain on the right side will be 22 1/2 feet long, supported by three posts set into three bases.  15The curtain on the left side will also be 22 1/2 feet long, supported by three posts set into three bases.16"For the entrance to the courtyard, make a curtain that is 30 feet long. Fashion it from fine linen, and decorate it with beautiful embroidery in blue, purple, and scarlet yarn. It will be attached to four posts that fit into four bases.  17All the posts around the courtyard must be connected by silver rods, using silver hooks. The posts are to be set in solid bronze bases.  18So the entire courtyard will be 150 feet long and 75 feet wide, with curtain walls 7 1/2 feet high, made from fine linen. The bases supporting its walls will be made of bronze.19"All the articles used in the work of the Tabernacle, including all the tent pegs used to support the Tabernacle and the courtyard curtains, must be made of bronze.20"Tell the people of Israel to bring you pure olive oil for the lampstand, so it can be kept burning continually.  21The lampstand will be placed outside the inner curtain of the Most Holy Place in the Tabernacle.[b] Aaron and his sons will keep the lamps burning in the LORD's presence day and night. This is a permanent law for the people of Israel, and it must be kept by all future generations.