1The altar for burning animal sacrifices also was constructed of acacia wood. It was 7 1/2 feet square at the top and 4 1/2 feet high.[a] 2There were four horns, one at each of the four corners, all of one piece with the rest. This altar was overlaid with bronze. 3Then he made all the bronze utensils to be used with the altar--the ash buckets, shovels, basins, meat hooks, and firepans. 4Next he made a bronze grating that rested on a ledge about halfway down into the firebox. 5Four rings were cast for each side of the grating to support the carrying poles. 6The carrying poles themselves were made of acacia wood and were overlaid with bronze. 7These poles were inserted into the rings at the side of the altar. The altar was hollow and was made from planks.8The bronze washbasin and its bronze pedestal were cast from bronze mirrors donated by the women who served at the entrance of the Tabernacle.[b]9Then he constructed the courtyard. The south wall was 150 feet long. It consisted of curtains made of fine linen. 10There were twenty posts, each with its own bronze base, and there were silver hooks and rods to hold up the curtains. 11The north wall was also 150 feet long, with twenty bronze posts and bases and with silver hooks and rods. 12The west end was 75 feet wide. The walls were made from curtains supported by ten posts and bases and with silver hooks and rods. 13The east end was also 75 feet wide.14The courtyard entrance was on the east side, flanked by two curtains. The curtain on the right side was 22 1/2 feet long and was supported by three posts set into three bases. 15The curtain on the left side was also 22 1/2 feet long and was supported by three posts set into three bases. 16All the curtains used in the courtyard walls were made of fine linen. 17Each post had a bronze base, and all the hooks and rods were silver. The tops of the posts were overlaid with silver, and the rods to hold up the curtains were solid silver.18The curtain that covered the entrance to the courtyard was made of fine linen cloth and embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn. It was 30 feet long and 7 1/2 feet high, just like the curtains of the courtyard walls. 19It was supported by four posts set into four bronze bases. The tops of the posts were overlaid with silver, and the hooks and rods were also made of silver.20All the tent pegs used in the Tabernacle and courtyard were made of bronze.21Here is an inventory of the materials used in building the Tabernacle of the Covenant.[c] Moses directed the Levites to compile the figures, and Ithamar son of Aaron the priest served as recorder. 22Bezalel son of Uri, grandson of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, was in charge of the whole project, just as the LORD had commanded Moses. 23He was assisted by Oholiab son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, a craftsman expert at engraving, designing, and embroidering blue, purple, and scarlet yarn on fine linen cloth.24The people brought gifts of gold totaling about 2,200 pounds,[d] all of which was used throughout the Tabernacle.25The amount of silver that was given was about 7,545 pounds.[e] 26It came from the tax of one-fifth of an ounce of silver[f] collected from each of those registered in the census. This included all the men who were twenty years old or older, 603,550 in all. 27The 100 bases for the frames of the sanctuary walls and for the posts supporting the inner curtain required 7,500 pounds of silver, about 75 pounds for each base.[g] 28The rest of the silver, about 45 pounds,[h] was used to make the rods and hooks and to overlay the tops of the posts.29The people also brought 5,310 pounds[i] of bronze, 30which was used for casting the bases for the posts at the entrance to the Tabernacle, and for the bronze altar with its bronze grating and altar utensils. 31Bronze was also used to make the bases for the posts that supported the curtains around the courtyard, the bases for the curtain at the entrance of the courtyard, and all the tent pegs used to hold the curtains of the courtyard in place.