1"Then make a small altar out of acacia wood for burning incense.  2It must be eighteen inches square and three feet high,[a] with horns at the corners carved from the same piece of wood as the altar.  3Overlay the top, sides, and horns of the altar with pure gold, and run a gold molding around the entire altar.  4Beneath the molding, on opposite sides of the altar, attach two gold rings to support the carrying poles.  5The poles are to be made of acacia wood and overlaid with gold.  6Place the incense altar just outside the inner curtain, opposite the Ark's cover--the place of atonement--that rests on the Ark of the Covenant.[b] I will meet with you there.7"Every morning when Aaron trims the lamps, he must burn fragrant incense on the altar.  8And each evening when he tends to the lamps, he must again burn incense in the LORD's presence. This must be done from generation to generation.  9Do not offer any unholy incense on this altar, or any burnt offerings, grain offerings, or drink offerings.10"Once a year Aaron must purify the altar by placing on its horns the blood from the offering made for the atonement of sin. This will be a regular, annual event from generation to generation, for this is the LORD's supremely holy altar."11And the LORD said to Moses,  12"Whenever you take a census of the people of Israel, each man who is counted must pay a ransom for himself to the LORD. Then there will be no plagues among the people as you count them.  13His payment to the LORD will be one-fifth of an ounce[c] of silver.  14All who have reached their twentieth birthday must give this offering to the LORD.  15When this offering is given to the LORD to make atonement for yourselves, the rich must not give more, and the poor must not give less.  16Use this money for the care of the Tabernacle.[d] It will bring you, the Israelites, to the LORD's attention, and it will make atonement for your lives."17And the LORD said to Moses,  18"Make a large bronze washbasin with a bronze pedestal. Put it between the Tabernacle and the altar, and fill it with water.  19Aaron and his sons will wash their hands and feet there 20before they go into the Tabernacle to appear before the LORD and before they approach the altar to burn offerings to the LORD. They must always wash before ministering in these ways, or they will die.  21This is a permanent law for Aaron and his descendants, to be kept from generation to generation."22Then the LORD said to Moses,  23"Collect choice spices--12 1/2 pounds of pure myrrh, 6 1/4 pounds[e] each of cinnamon and of sweet cane,  2412 1/2 pounds of cassia, and one gallon[f] of olive oil.  25Blend these ingredients into a holy anointing oil.  26Use this scented oil to anoint the Tabernacle, the Ark of the Covenant, 27the table and all its utensils, the lampstand and all its accessories, the incense altar,  28the altar of burnt offering with all its utensils, and the large washbasin with its pedestal.  29Sanctify them to make them entirely holy. After this, whatever touches them will become holy.  30Use this oil also to anoint Aaron and his sons, sanctifying them so they can minister before me as priests.  31And say to the people of Israel, `This will always be my holy anointing oil.  32It must never be poured on the body of an ordinary person, and you must never make any of it for yourselves. It is holy, and you must treat it as holy.  33Anyone who blends scented oil like it or puts any of it on someone who is not a priest will be cut off from the community.' "34These were the LORD's instructions to Moses concerning the incense: "Gather sweet spices--resin droplets, mollusk scent, galbanum, and pure frankincense--weighing out the same amounts of each.  35Using the usual techniques of the incense maker, refine it to produce a pure and holy incense.  36Beat some of it very fine and put some of it in front of the Ark of the Covenant, where I will meet with you in the Tabernacle. This incense is most holy.  37Never make this incense for yourselves. It is reserved for the LORD, and you must treat it as holy.  38Those who make it for their own enjoyment will be cut off from the community."