[Dedication of the Firstborn] 1 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 2 "Dedicate to me every firstborn among the Israelites. The first offspring to be born, of both humans and animals, belongs to me."3 So Moses said to the people, "This is a day to remember forever-the day you left Egypt, the place of your slavery. Today the Lord  has brought you out by the power of his mighty hand. (Remember, eat no food containing yeast.) 4 On this day in early spring, in the month of Abib,[a] you have been set free. 5 You must celebrate this event in this month each year after the Lord  brings you into the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Hivites, and Jebusites. (He swore to your ancestors that he would give you this land-a land flowing with milk and honey.) 6 For seven days the bread you eat must be made without yeast. Then on the seventh day, celebrate a feast to the Lord . 7 Eat bread without yeast during those seven days. In fact, there must be no yeast bread or any yeast at all found within the borders of your land during this time.8 "On the seventh day you must explain to your children, "I am celebrating what the Lord  did for me when I left Egypt.' 9 This annual festival will be a visible sign to you, like a mark branded on your hand or your forehead. Let it remind you always to recite this teaching of the Lord : "With a strong hand, the Lord  rescued you from Egypt.'[b] 10 So observe the decree of this festival at the appointed time each year.11 "This is what you must do when the Lord  fulfills the promise he swore to you and to your ancestors. When he gives you the land where the Canaanites now live, 12 you must present all firstborn sons and firstborn male animals to the Lord , for they belong to him. 13 A firstborn donkey may be bought back from the Lord  by presenting a lamb or young goat in its place. But if you do not buy it back, you must break its neck. However, you must buy back every firstborn son.14 "And in the future, your children will ask you, "What does all this mean?' Then you will tell them, "With the power of his mighty hand, the Lord  brought us out of Egypt, the place of our slavery. 15 Pharaoh stubbornly refused to let us go, so the Lord  killed all the firstborn males throughout the land of Egypt, both people and animals. That is why I now sacrifice all the firstborn males to the Lord -except that the firstborn sons are always bought back.' 16 This ceremony will be like a mark branded on your hand or your forehead. It is a reminder that the power of the Lord 's mighty hand brought us out of Egypt." [Israel's Wilderness Detour] 17 When Pharaoh finally let the people go, God did not lead them along the main road that runs through Philistine territory, even though that was the shortest route to the Promised Land. God said, "If the people are faced with a battle, they might change their minds and return to Egypt." 18 So God led them in a roundabout way through the wilderness toward the Red Sea.[c] Thus the Israelites left Egypt like an army ready for battle.[d]19 Moses took the bones of Joseph with him, for Joseph had made the sons of Israel swear to do this. He said, "God will certainly come to help you. When he does, you must take my bones with you from this place."20 The Israelites left Succoth and camped at Etham on the edge of the wilderness. 21 The Lord  went ahead of them. He guided them during the day with a pillar of cloud, and he provided light at night with a pillar of fire. This allowed them to travel by day or by night. 22 And the Lord  did not remove the pillar of cloud or pillar of fire from its place in front of the people.       Footnotes:a.   13:4 Hebrew On this day in the month of Abib. This first month of the ancient Hebrew lunar calendar usually occurs within the months of March and April.  b.   13:9 Or Let it remind you always to keep the instructions of the Lord  on the tip of your tongue, because with a strong hand, the Lord  rescued you from Egypt.  c.   13:18a Hebrew sea of reeds.  d.   13:18b Greek version reads left Egypt in the fifth generation. 