[A Song of Deliverance] 1 Then Moses and the people of Israel sang this song to the Lord : "I will sing to the Lord , for he has triumphed gloriously; he has hurled both horse and rider into the sea.2 The Lord  is my strength and my song; he has given me victory. This is my God, and I will praise him- my father's God, and I will exalt him!3 The Lord  is a warrior; Yahweh* is his name!4 Pharaoh's chariots and army he has hurled into the sea. The finest of Pharaoh's officers are drowned in the Red Sea.*The deep waters gushed over them; they sank to the bottom like a stone.6 "Your right hand, O Lord , is glorious in power. Your right hand, O Lord , smashes the enemy.7 In the greatness of your majesty, you overthrow those who rise against you. You unleash your blazing fury; it consumes them like straw.8 At the blast of your breath, the waters piled up! The surging waters stood straight like a wall; in the heart of the sea the deep waters became hard.9 "The enemy boasted, "I will chase them and catch up with them. I will plunder them and consume them. I will flash my sword; my powerful hand will destroy them.'10 But you blew with your breath, and the sea covered them. They sank like lead in the mighty waters.11 "Who is like you among the gods, O Lord - glorious in holiness, awesome in splendor, performing great wonders?12 You raised your right hand, and the earth swallowed our enemies.13 "With your unfailing love you lead the people you have redeemed. In your might, you guide them to your sacred home.14 The peoples hear and tremble; anguish grips those who live in Philistia.15 The leaders of Edom are terrified; the nobles of Moab tremble. All who live in Canaan melt away;16 terror and dread fall upon them. The power of your arm makes them lifeless as stone until your people pass by, O Lord , until the people you purchased pass by.17 You will bring them in and plant them on your own mountain- the place, O Lord , reserved for your own dwelling, the sanctuary, O Lord, that your hands have established.18 The Lord  will reign forever and ever!"19 When Pharaoh's horses, chariots, and charioteers rushed into the sea, the Lord  brought the water crashing down on them. But the people of Israel had walked through the middle of the sea on dry ground!20 Then Miriam the prophet, Aaron's sister, took a tambourine and led all the women as they played their tambourines and danced. 21 And Miriam sang this song: "Sing to the Lord , for he has triumphed gloriously; he has hurled both horse and rider into the sea." [Bitter Water at Marah] 22 Then Moses led the people of Israel away from the Red Sea, and they moved out into the desert of Shur. They traveled in this desert for three days without finding any water. 23 When they came to the oasis of Marah, the water was too bitter to drink. So they called the place Marah (which means "bitter").24 Then the people complained and turned against Moses. "What are we going to drink?" they demanded. 25 So Moses cried out to the Lord  for help, and the Lord  showed him a piece of wood. Moses threw it into the water, and this made the water good to drink. It was there at Marah that the Lord  set before them the following decree as a standard to test their faithfulness to him. 26 He said, "If you will listen carefully to the voice of the Lord  your God and do what is right in his sight, obeying his commands and keeping all his decrees, then I will not make you suffer any of the diseases I sent on the Egyptians; for I am the Lord  who heals you."27 After leaving Marah, the Israelites traveled on to the oasis of Elim, where they found twelve springs and seventy palm trees. They camped there beside the water.       Footnotes: 15:3 Yahweh is a transliteration of the proper name YHWH that is sometimes rendered "Jehovah"; in this translation it is usually rendered "the Lord " (note the use of small capitals).   15:4 Hebrew sea of reeds; also in 15:22. 5 
