1Next Bezalel made the Ark out of acacia wood. It was 3 3/4 feet long, 2 1/4 feet wide, and 2 1/4 feet high.[a]  2It was overlaid with pure gold inside and out, and it had a molding of gold all the way around.  3Four gold rings were fastened to its four feet, two rings at each side.  4Then he made poles from acacia wood and overlaid them with gold.  5He put the poles into the rings at the sides of the Ark to carry it.6Then, from pure gold, he made the Ark's cover--the place of atonement. It was 3 3/4 feet long and 2 1/4 feet wide.  7He made two figures of cherubim out of hammered gold and placed them at the two ends of the atonement cover.  8They were made so they were actually a part of the atonement cover--it was all one piece.  9The cherubim faced each other as they looked down on the atonement cover, and their wings were stretched out above the atonement cover to protect it.10Then he made a table out of acacia wood, 3 feet long, 1 1/2 feet wide, and 2 1/4 feet high.  11It was overlaid with pure gold, with a gold molding all around the edge.  12A rim about 3 inches[b] wide was attached along the edges of the table, and a gold molding ran around the rim.  13Then he cast four rings of gold and attached them to the four table legs  14next to the rim. These were made to hold the carrying poles in place. 15He made the carrying poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with gold.  16Next, using pure gold, he made the plates, dishes, bowls, and pitchers to be placed on the table. These utensils were to be used in pouring out drink offerings.17Then he made the lampstand, again using pure, hammered gold. Its base, center stem, lamp cups, blossoms, and buds were all of one piece.  18The lampstand had six branches, three going out from each side of the center stem.  19Each of the six branches held a cup shaped like an almond blossom, complete with buds and petals.  20The center stem of the lampstand was also decorated with four almond blossoms.  21One blossom was set beneath each pair of branches, where they extended from the center stem.  22The decorations and branches were all one piece with the stem, and they were hammered from pure gold.  23He also made the seven lamps, the lamp snuffers, and the trays, all of pure gold.  24The entire lampstand, along with its accessories, was made from seventy-five pounds[c] of pure gold.25The incense altar was made of acacia wood. It was eighteen inches square and three feet high, with its corner horns made from the same piece of wood as the altar itself.  26He overlaid the top, sides, and horns of the altar with pure gold and ran a gold molding around the edge.  27Two gold rings were placed on opposite sides, beneath the molding, to hold the carrying poles.  28The carrying poles were made of acacia wood and were overlaid with gold.29Then he made the sacred oil, for anointing the priests, and the fragrant incense, using the techniques of the most skilled incense maker.