Article 1
The Ministry of Examination is responsible for the administration of national examinations and matters related thereto. Article 2
The Ministry of Examination is invested with the right to direct and supervise all agencies that undertake the administration of examinations and selection. Article 3
The Ministry of Examination shall be composed of the following departments and offices: 1.The Department of Examination Planning; 2.The Department of Senior and Junior Examinations; 3.The Department of Special Examinations; 4.The Department of Professional and Technical Examinations; 5.The Department of General Affairs; 6.The Department of Question Bank Management; 7.The Department of Information Management; 8.The Secretariat. Article 4
The Department of Examination Planning is responsible for the following tasks: 1.the planning and formulation of examination policies, systems and regulations; 2.researching, collecting, compiling and translating information relating to systems of examination and selection; 3.determining policies to coordinate examinations and terms of employment; 4.determining categories of examination, subjects to be tested, and requisite qualifications; 5.researching advances in examination methodology and technology; 6.planning and execution of public communications regarding administrative decrees on examination and selection; 7.other studies and surveys with regard to examination development. Article 5
The Department of Senior and Junior Examinations is responsible for matters related to: 1.the Civil Service Senior Examination; 2.the Civil Service Junior Examination; 3.the Civil Service Elementary Examination; 4.Civil Service rank promotions and qualifications upgrades; 5.organization of the Board of Examiners for departmental examinations and related examination affairs; 6.the formulation and explanation of procedural regulations. Article 6
The Department of Special Examinations is responsible for matters related to: 1.Civil Service Special Examinations; 2.evaluation of the qualifications of candidates for public office; 3.organization of the Board of Examiners for departmental examinations and related examination affairs; 4.the formulation and explanation of procedural regulations. Article 7
The Department of Professional and Technical Examinations is responsible for matters related to: 1.Senior Examinations for professionals or technical personnel; 2.Junior Examinations for professionals or technical personnel; 3.Special Examinations for professionals or technical personnel; 4.organization of the Board of Examiners for departmental examinations and related examination affairs; 5.the formulation and explanation of procedural regulations. Article 8
The Department of General Affairs is responsible for all matters relating to: 1.the delivery, reception, distribution and proofreading of documents; 2.the control, distribution and use of official stamps and seals; 3.the safeguarding of state-owned assets and materials; 4.the safeguarding and disbursement of operational funds; 5.the management of the general affairs of the ministry; 6.other items of operation and administration that do not fall under the purview of any other department or office. Article 9
The Department of Question Bank Management is responsible for all matters relating to: 1.the establishment of database banks of examination questions; 2.the selection of qualified persons to draft and set examination questions, and planning in this regard; 3.the administration of examination questions in the question bank, including their usage and the settlement of queries or disputes that may arise in connection with them; 4.the analysis and evaluation of the usage and effectiveness of the questions stored in the question bank; 5.the setting of test-type examination questions for which question banks have not yet been prepared, the administration, analysis and evaluation of these, and resolution of disputes that may arise in their regard; 6.the compilation and publication of questions once they have been used in examinations; 7.researching advances in question-setting methodology and technology. Article 10
The Department of Information Management is responsible for all matters relating to: 1.the planning, coordination and execution of computer-based operations of the examination and selection process; 2.the establishment and management of databases; 3.the planning, coordination and implementation of automated administration and management; 4.the management and operation of computer and related data processing equipment; 5.systems analysis, systems design and program design; 6.the training of personnel for all information technology operations; 7.other information management issues. Article 11
The Secretariat is responsible for all matters relating to: 1.the safeguarding and management of confidential correspondence; 2.the drafting, review, compilation and distribution of documentation; 3.the agendas and related procedural affairs of internal ministry meetings, annual review meetings, and inter-agency meetings; 4.the drafting and compilation of annual administrative plans and work reports; 5.the oversight and assessment of administrative plans and work performed; 6.news releases and public relations liaison; 7.the collection, collation and safekeeping of information, and ensuring documentation is produced within deadlines; 8.any other matters as instructed by the minister or a deputy minister. Article 12
The Minister of Examination is specially appointed to take charge of the overall conduct of Ministry affairs, and the direction and oversight of personnel. There is one Political Deputy Minister, of official rank equivalent to the 14th Senior Grade of the civil service. There is one Administrative Deputy Minister, a civil servant of the 14th Senior Grade, who assists the Minister in administering Ministry affairs. Article 13
The staff of the Ministry consists of one Chief Secretary, seven Counselors and seven departmental Directors, all civil servants of the 12th Senior Grade;seven Senior Researchers, civil servants of the 10th to 12th Senior Grade;seven departmental Deputy Directors, civil servants of the 11th Senior Grade;fifteen Senior Executive Officers, civil servants of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade;eight to twelve Executive Officers, civil servants of the 8th to 9th Junior Grades, among whom four may be of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade;three to five Secretaries, civil servants of the 8th to 9th Junior Grades, among whom two may be of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade;twenty-five to twenty-nine Section Chiefs, civil servants of the 9th Junior Grade;two Systems Analysts, two Systems Coordinators, twenty-two to twenty-eight Specialists, civil servants of the 7th to 9th Junior Grades;four Systems Designers, civil servants of the 6th to 8th Junior Grades;fifty-six to seventy-four Officers, civil servants of the 5th Elementary Grade, among whom twenty to thirty-seven may be of the 6th to 7th Junior Grade;two Assistant Systems Designers, two Junior Systems Coordinators , and twenty-three to thirty-two Junior Officers, civil servants of the 3rd to 5th Elementary Grade;and sixteen to twenty-six Associate Clerks, civil servants of the 1st to 3rd Elementary Grade.Prior to the amendment of this Act, some eleven to seventeen workers without civil service qualifications were employed in the Ministry. They may continue to work in the Ministry occupying vacant positions in the Assistant Clerk category of the preceding paragraph until such time as they leave their jobs. Article 14
The Ministry of Examination shall establish a Personnel Office under the direction of one civil servant of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade, who will carry out personnel management tasks in accordance with the law. Employees this person may need are to be assigned from among the staff designated in this Act. Article 15
The Ministry of Examination shall establish an Accounting Office under the direction of one civil servant of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade, who will carry out budgetary and accounting tasks in accordance with the law. Employees this person may need are to be assigned from among the staff designated in this Act. Article 16
The Ministry of Examination shall establish a Statistics Office under the direction of one civil servant of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade, who will carry out various statistical tasks in accordance with the law, including compiling data concerning external individuals who may be called upon to sit on Boards of Examiners, or to set examination questions, to mark papers, to perform reviews, or to give oral or on-site examinations. Employees this person may need are to be assigned from among the staff designated in this Act. Article 17
The Ministry of Examination shall establish a Civil Service Ethics Office under the direction of one civil servant of the 10th to 11th Senior Grade, who will handle ethical matters in accordance with the law. Employees this person may need are to be assigned from among the staff designated in this Act. Article 18
The civil servants designated in Articles 12 through 17 above should be qualified for their ranks in accordance with the stipulations of the Civil Service Employment Act. The Series that apply to all positions are based on the provisions of Article 8 of the Civil Service Employment Act and selected from the Series therein. Article 19
The Ministry of Examination shall establish committees of various types as may be needed to address operational or other special concerns. These committees shall undertake the review or deliberation of such matters as arise in their respective areas of competence. The chair and the members of the committees described in the paragraph above shall be academic experts appointed by, or high-level Ministry personnel designated by, the Minister. All committee positions are non-remunerated. Any employees that may be required under paragraph 1 above are to be assigned from among the staff designated in this Act. Article 20
Regulations for handling departmental affairs of the Ministry of Examination shall be formulated by the Ministry and submitted to the Examination Yuan for approval. Article 21
This Act shall come into effect on the date of promulgation. In case of any discrepancy between the English version and the Chinese version of these Regulations, the latter shall prevail. 
