[Job's Second Test] 1 One day the members of the heavenly court* came again to present themselves before the Lord , and the Accuser, Satan,* came with them. 2 "Where have you come from?" the Lord  asked Satan. Satan answered the Lord , "I have been patrolling the earth, watching everything that's going on."3 Then the Lord  asked Satan, "Have you noticed my servant Job? He is the finest man in all the earth. He is blameless-a man of complete integrity. He fears God and stays away from evil. And he has maintained his integrity, even though you urged me to harm him without cause."4 Satan replied to the Lord , "Skin for skin! A man will give up everything he has to save his life. 5 But reach out and take away his health, and he will surely curse you to your face!"6 "All right, do with him as you please," the Lord  said to Satan. "But spare his life." 7 So Satan left the Lord 's presence, and he struck Job with terrible boils from head to foot.8 Job scraped his skin with a piece of broken pottery as he sat among the ashes. 9 His wife said to him, "Are you still trying to maintain your integrity? Curse God and die."10 But Job replied, "You talk like a foolish woman. Should we accept only good things from the hand of God and never anything bad?" So in all this, Job said nothing wrong. [Job's Three Friends Share His Anguish] 11 When three of Job's friends heard of the tragedy he had suffered, they got together and traveled from their homes to comfort and console him. Their names were Eliphaz the Temanite, Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite. 12 When they saw Job from a distance, they scarcely recognized him. Wailing loudly, they tore their robes and threw dust into the air over their heads to show their grief. 13 Then they sat on the ground with him for seven days and nights. No one said a word to Job, for they saw that his suffering was too great for words.       Footnotes: 2:1a Hebrew the sons of God.   2:1b Hebrew and the satan; similarly throughout this chapter.  
