[Prologue] 1 There once was a man named Job who lived in the land of Uz. He was blameless-a man of complete integrity. He feared God and stayed away from evil. 2 He had seven sons and three daughters. 3 He owned 7,000 sheep, 3,000 camels, 500 teams of oxen, and 500 female donkeys. He also had many servants. He was, in fact, the richest person in that entire area.4 Job's sons would take turns preparing feasts in their homes, and they would also invite their three sisters to celebrate with them. 5 When these celebrations ended-sometimes after several days-Job would purify his children. He would get up early in the morning and offer a burnt offering for each of them. For Job said to himself, "Perhaps my children have sinned and have cursed God in their hearts." This was Job's regular practice. [Job's First Test] 6 One day the members of the heavenly court[a] came to present themselves before the Lord , and the Accuser, Satan,[b] came with them. 7 "Where have you come from?" the Lord  asked Satan. Satan answered the Lord , "I have been patrolling the earth, watching everything that's going on."8 Then the Lord  asked Satan, "Have you noticed my servant Job? He is the finest man in all the earth. He is blameless-a man of complete integrity. He fears God and stays away from evil."9 Satan replied to the Lord , "Yes, but Job has good reason to fear God. 10 You have always put a wall of protection around him and his home and his property. You have made him prosper in everything he does. Look how rich he is! 11 But reach out and take away everything he has, and he will surely curse you to your face!"12 "All right, you may test him," the Lord  said to Satan. "Do whatever you want with everything he possesses, but don't harm him physically." So Satan left the Lord 's presence.13 One day when Job's sons and daughters were feasting at the oldest brother's house, 14 a messenger arrived at Job's home with this news: "Your oxen were plowing, with the donkeys feeding beside them, 15 when the Sabeans raided us. They stole all the animals and killed all the farmhands. I am the only one who escaped to tell you."16 While he was still speaking, another messenger arrived with this news: "The fire of God has fallen from heaven and burned up your sheep and all the shepherds. I am the only one who escaped to tell you."17 While he was still speaking, a third messenger arrived with this news: "Three bands of Chaldean raiders have stolen your camels and killed your servants. I am the only one who escaped to tell you."18 While he was still speaking, another messenger arrived with this news: "Your sons and daughters were feasting in their oldest brother's home. 19 Suddenly, a powerful wind swept in from the wilderness and hit the house on all sides. The house collapsed, and all your children are dead. I am the only one who escaped to tell you."20 Job stood up and tore his robe in grief. Then he shaved his head and fell to the ground to worship. 21 He said,  "I came naked from my mother's womb, and I will be naked when I leave. The Lord  gave me what I had, and the Lord  has taken it away. Praise the name of the Lord !"22 In all of this, Job did not sin by blaming God.       Footnotes:a.   1:6a Hebrew the sons of God.  b.   1:6b Hebrew and the satan; similarly throughout this chapter.  
