1 "My heart pounds as I think of this. It trembles within me.2 Listen carefully to the thunder of God's voice as it rolls from his mouth.3 It rolls across the heavens, and his lightning flashes in every direction.4 Then comes the roaring of the thunder- the tremendous voice of his majesty. He does not restrain it when he speaks.5 God's voice is glorious in the thunder. We can't even imagine the greatness of his power.6 "He directs the snow to fall on the earth and tells the rain to pour down.7 Then everyone stops working so they can watch his power.8 The wild animals take cover and stay inside their dens.9 The stormy wind comes from its chamber, and the driving winds bring the cold.10 God's breath sends the ice, freezing wide expanses of water.11 He loads the clouds with moisture, and they flash with his lightning.12 The clouds churn about at his direction. They do whatever he commands throughout the earth.13 He makes these things happen either to punish people or to show his unfailing love.14 "Pay attention to this, Job. Stop and consider the wonderful miracles of God!15 Do you know how God controls the storm and causes the lightning to flash from his clouds?16 Do you understand how he moves the clouds with wonderful perfection and skill?17 When you are sweltering in your clothes and the south wind dies down and everything is still,18 he makes the skies reflect the heat like a bronze mirror. Can you do that?19 "So teach the rest of us what to say to God. We are too ignorant to make our own arguments.20 Should God be notified that I want to speak? Can people even speak when they are confused?*We cannot look at the sun, for it shines brightly in the sky when the wind clears away the clouds.22 So also, golden splendor comes from the mountain of God.*He is clothed in dazzling splendor.23 We cannot imagine the power of the Almighty; but even though he is just and righteous, he does not destroy us.24 No wonder people everywhere fear him. All who are wise show him reverence.*"       Footnotes: 37:20 Or speak without being swallowed up? 21  37:22 Or from the north; or from the abode.   37:24 As in Greek version; Hebrew reads He is not impressed by the wise.  
