1"Can you catch a crocodile[a] with a hook or put a noose around its jaw?  2Can you tie it with a rope through the nose or pierce its jaw with a spike?  3Will it beg you for mercy or implore you for pity?  4Will it agree to work for you? Can you make it be your slave for life?  5Can you make it a pet like a bird, or give it to your little girls to play with?  6Will merchants try to buy it? Will they sell it in their shops?  7Will its hide be hurt by darts, or its head by a harpoon?  8If you lay a hand on it, you will never forget the battle that follows, and you will never try it again!9"No, it is useless to try to capture it. The hunter who attempts it will be thrown down.  10And since no one dares to disturb the crocodile, who would dare to stand up to me?  11Who will confront me and remain safe[b]? Everything under heaven is mine.12"I want to emphasize the tremendous strength in the crocodile's limbs and throughout its enormous frame.  13Who can strip off its hide, and who can penetrate its double layer of armor[c]?  14Who could pry open its jaws? For its teeth are terrible!  15The overlapping scales on its back make a shield.  16They are close together so no air can get between them.  17They lock together so nothing can penetrate them.18"When it sneezes, it flashes light! Its eyes are like the red of dawn.  19Fire and sparks leap from its mouth.  20Smoke streams from its nostrils like steam from a boiling pot on a fire of dry rushes.  21Yes, its breath would kindle coals, for flames shoot from its mouth.22"The tremendous strength in its neck strikes terror wherever it goes.  23Its flesh is hard and firm, not soft and fat.  24Its heart is as hard as rock, as hard as a millstone.  25When it rises, the mighty are afraid, gripped by terror.  26No sword can stop it, nor spear nor dart nor pointed shaft.  27To the crocodile, iron is nothing but straw, and bronze is rotten wood.  28Arrows cannot make it flee. Stones shot from a sling are as ineffective as straw.  29Clubs do no good, and it laughs at the swish of the javelins.  30Its belly is covered with scales as sharp as glass. They tear up the ground as it drags through the mud.31"The crocodile makes the water boil with its commotion. It churns the depths.  32The water glistens in its wake. One would think the sea had turned white.  33There is nothing else so fearless anywhere on earth.  34Of all the creatures, it is the proudest. It is the king of beasts."