Article 1
In order to administer the overall personnel administrationof the agencies under the Executive Yuan, a Central Personnel Administration is hereby established. (Hereinafter known as the Administration). The affairs related the civil service examination and qualification review are under the supervision of the Examination Yuan. Article 2
This Administration is composed of the following Departments and Offices： 1 Department of Planning. 2 Department of Manpower. 3 Department of Evaluation, Training and Development. 4 Department of Compensation. 5 Department of Local Personnel Affairs. 6 Information Office. 7 Secretariat. Article 3
The Department of Planning controls the following matters： 1 General planning for all the personnel administrative affairs under the Executive Yuan. 2 Researchandproposalsrelatedtopersonnel administration systems and practices.3 Studyingandsuggestingthepersonneloffices establishment and changes Under the Executive Yuan; And the recruitment, transfer, appraisal and discipline of personnel officers.4 Collection and analysis of Personnel Administrative data from each county. 5 Other matters that are related to planning. Article 4
The Department of Manpower controls the following matters： 1 Public manpower planning and preparation of necessary civil servants for each organization under the Executive Yuan. 2 Organizationalestablishmentandemployees, for budgeting for each organization under the Executive Yuan. 3 Review of assignment, dismissal and transfer of Senior levelpersonnelandGovernmentownedbusiness establishmentHeadsandBoardMembersofeach administrative organization under the Executive Yuan. 4 Research, proposal, planning and implementation ofpersonnel appointment, dismissal, salary Grade, and promotionunder the Executive Yuan. 5 TheplanofExamination, personnelemployand distribution of persons who have passed the examinations of each level of organization under the Executive Yuan. 6 Other matters related to the organization, employees for budgeting, appointment and dismissal of personnel at each level of organization under the Executive Yuan. Article 5
The Department of Evaluation, Training and Development controls the following matters:： 1 Research, Proposal, planning and implementation of personnel Performance Evaluations, Reward and Punishment of Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 2 The coordination , review and implementation planning of training and advance study for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 3 DraftingandimplementationofRewards, Honors, Commendations, Awards and Motivation for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 4 Drafting and implementation of Punishment, Dismissal, Reinstatement and Termination of Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 5 The implementation and drafting proposals of Attendanceand Office Hours for Public Service for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 6 Other matters related to the attendance, evaluation and training of Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. Article 6
The Department of Compensation controls the following matters： 1 Planning and drafting of personnel compensation. 2 Drafting and distribution of discharge compensation for political appointment employee. 3 Approvaling submit and research, proposals for retirement and indemnity for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 4 Drafting of Separation terms for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 5 Research and proposals for insurance for Civil Servants under the Executive Yuan. 6 Other planning and drafting of personnel compensation. Article 6-1
The Department of Local Personnel Affairs Controls the personnel administration of each County (City) Government and subordinating organization, schools, Town (Municipal) Halls, and other subordinatingorganizations, County (City) Council and Town (Municipal, City) Representatives Council. Article 7
The Information Office controls the following matters： 1 OverallplanninganddeploymentofthePersonnel Administrative Information System of each organization under the Executive Yuan. 2 Collection, Summary and usage of the personnel data of each organization under the Executive Yuan. 3 Planning, designs and deployment of office automation of the Information system of this Administration. Article 8
The Secretarial Office controls the meetings, documentation, general affair, Cash, Public Relations and other matters not related to other departments or offices. Article 9
This Administration is composed of one Minister, specially appointed, who manages overall administration affairs, and supervises the subordinating employees and organizations; Two Deputy Ministers, one of them is ranked as Senior 14th Grade analog,the other is ranked as Senior 14th Grade. They assist in managing the administration. Article 10
This Administration is composed of One Chief Secretary , Seven Counselors, five Director Generals, whose positions are ranked as SeniorGrade 12; five Deputy Director Generals, whose positions are ranked as Senior Grade 11; two Office Chiefs, 10~14 Senior Executive offficerwhose positions are ranked as Senior Grade 10~11; 31~37 Section Chiefs, whose positions are ranked as Assistant Grade 9; 5~7 Secretaries, 9~19 executive officers, whose positions are ranked as Assistant Grade 8~9, three of the Secretaries and 8 of the executive officers whose positions are ranked as Senior Grade 10~11; 28~52 executive Officers, three Analysts, whose positions are ranked as Assistant Grade 7~9; 2~4 Designers, two Superintendents, whose positions are ranked as Assistant Grade 6~8; 37~85Officers, whose positions are ranked as Grade 5 or Assistant Grade 6~7; two Assistant Designers, one Assistant Superintendent, 4~10 clerks, whose positions are ranked as Grade 4~5, one of the Assistant Designers and five of the Assistant Staffs whose positions are ranked as Assistant Grade 6; 12~16 clerks whose positions are ranked as JuniorGrade 3~5; 19~31 Associate Clerks, whose positions are ranked as Junior Grade 1~3. All the employees currently employed by this Administration and the former Taiwan Province Government Civil Servant Housing Construction and Welfare Committee, before this Act was Revised and implemented, that have no Civil Servant qualification, can all occupy Assistant Clerk vacant positions and continue in their employment until their resignations. Article 11
This Administration sets up a Personnel Office, with one Office Head, whose position is ranked as a Senior Grade 10~11, in charge of Personnel Management according to the law.The needed personnel shall be assigned among the authorized staffing personnel in this Act. Article 12
This Administration sets up an Accounting Office, with one Chief Accountant, whose position is ranked as a Senior Grade 10~11, in charge of Budgeting, Accounting and Statistical analysis according to the law.The needed personnel shall be assigned among the authorized staffing personnel in this Act. Article 13
This Administration sets up a Civil Service Ethics Office, with one Office Head, whose position is ranked as a Senior Grade 10~11, in charge of the Civil Service Ethics affairs according to the law. The needed personnel shall be assigned among the authorized staffing personnel in this Act. Article 14
The Series used in all the Positions described as ranking officers as stipulated in Articles 9 ~ 13, are based on Article 8 of the Civil ServantEmployment Act and selected from the Series therein. Article 15
Due to the needs of this Administration, should be submitted to the Executive Yuan for approval that establish any committee, employment of Professionals, Scholars or appointment of relatedemployees as a Committee, but without salary. The number of employees required in this office should be distributed the number of this Act. Article 16
Due to the administrations, this Administration can hire3~5 Advisors afterthe approval of the Executive Yuan. Article 17
The appointment or transfer of each Personnel Level, and/or employee under the Executive Yuan has to be submitted to the Ministry of Civil Service for consideration. Article 18
This Administration has established a Civil Servant Housing and Welfare Committee, Civil Servant Manpower Development Center and Local General Affairs Research Center; these organizations are all according to the law. Article 19
All the details of affair regulations stipulated by this Administration have been submitted to the Executive Yuan and approved. Article 20
The date of enforcement of the amendment Articles of this Act shallbe specified by the Executive Yuan. 
