Article 1
This Act is enacted according to Article six of the Examination Yuan Organizational Act. Article 2
The Civil Service Protection and Training Commission (hereinafter referred to as the Commission) has the authority over the following matters：Matters concerning research and proposal, finalization and implementation of policies and laws governing civil service protection and training；Matters concerning research and proposal as well as recommendation to the protection of the right and privilege of civil servant status, working conditions, position grade and rank, pay, and other property right related to public law；Matters concerning deliberation, verification, mediation, and determination of civil service protection cases；Matters concerning communication and promotion, counseling, coordination and liaison of civil service protection affairs；Matters concerning mid- and long-term high-ranking civil service training；Matters concerning examination qualification, rank promotion, administrative neutrality for civil servants, and other training-related issues；Matters concerning research and proposal, planning and delegation of training and advanced training for personnel officers；Matters concerning promotion of lifelong learning for civil servants；Matters concerning coordination of resource sharing and integration among training agencies and organizations；Matters concerning research and development of training evaluation methods and techniques, evaluation and analysis of various training needs and performance；Matters concerning international exchanges and collaboration in the field of civil service protection and training；andOther matters concerning civil service protection and training. Article 3
The Commission has one Minister, specially appointed, two Deputy Ministers, one ranked mutatis mutandis as Senior 14th grade, the other ranked as Senior 14th grade. Article 4
The Commission has ten to fourteen Commissioners. Among them, five to seven Commissioners are full-time, ranked mutatis mutandis as Senior 13th grade and nominated by the Prime Minister of the Examination Yuan and appointed by the President. The rest are part-time, appointed by the Prime Minister of the Examination Yuan. All Commissioners serve for three-year term and may be reappointed. For part-time Commissioners who are also deputies of relevant agencies, their individual term varies according to their individual deputy position.The majority of full-time Commissioners in the preceding paragraph may not be adherents of the same political party. Article 5
The Commissioners shall be selected for one of the following qualifications：Served in senior rank position for at least six years with outstanding performance and published professionally；Taught as a full-time professor for at least six years at a public or private university certified by the Ministry of Education, and published professionally in the field of civil service institution or lawSpecialized in personnel administration or law with prominent reputation and published professionally；orDeputy Chiefs of relevant agencies Article 6
The Commission’s Committee Meeting shall be convened monthly by the Minister. Additional meeting may be held if necessary. Matters concerning policy and regulation review and decision for civil service protection cases and training shall be determined by the Committee Meeting. Article 7
The Commission has one Chief Secretary, ranked as Senior 12th grade. Article 8
The position rank and grade as well as personnel quota will be determined by the Commission’s Official Workforce Chart. Article 9
For civil service training needs, the Commission shall establish the National Academy of Civil Service. The organizational law of the National Civil Academy of Civil Service will be enacted by law. Article 10
The Enforcement date of this act will be determined by the Examination Yuan. 
