Article 1
If a public servant who has specific merits, achievement, outstanding performance ,or professional accomplishment shall be awarded a medal according to this Act, except as otherwise provided in other laws.Furthermore, a non-public servant or foreigner who has merits, achievement, or outstanding performance shall also be awarded a medal according to this Act. Article 2
The medals are classified as follows:1 Merit Medal .2 Exemplar Medal .　3 Service Medal.4 Professional Medal. Article 3
A person shall be awarded the Merit Medal under one of the following conditions :1 Achievement in hosting or executing an important plan or policy.2 Presenting an important innovation project which was acknowledged and implemented with good effectivness.3 A research or inventions publication that have been reviewed and certified that they are of great value to the academic circle or the profession.4 Reporting or solving a major national security jeopardizing to prevent a disaster.5 Reporting or solving a major crime to save the sense of political honor and to protect the life and wealth of people.6 Well- handling a huge accident to prevent serious injuries.　　 7 Having a unique or special achievement. Article 4
A person shall be awarded the Exemplar Medal under one of the following conditions:1 A civil servant having acted in a specific way that serves as a model.2 A law-abiding citizen of good character having acted in a way with outstanding performance.3 A person having risked their own life in rescuing others from a major disaster in a way that serves as a model.4 Total disablement on duty reach the degree of the civil servants insurance disability compensation standards.5 Death caused by undertaking a dangerous duty.6 Other outstanding deeds that are worthy of note. Article 5
The Service Medal is awarded to any civil servant that has an excellent service　record while retirement, resignment or death under the following conditions:1 Continuous 10 years service or service in an official position is awarded with a Third Grade Service Medal.2 Continuous 20 years service or service in an official position is awarded with a Second Grade Service Medal.3 Continuous 30 years service or service in an official position is awarded with a First Grade Service Medal.4 Continuous 40 years service or service in an official position is awarded with a Distinguished Service Medal. Article 6
The Merit Medal, Exemplar Medal are divided into three grades,and Service Medal is divided into four grades, and can be used alternatively, except where there are other regulations in this ordinance or other special situations apply. Initially it is to be awarded with a Third Grade, and can be upgraded for the achievement; however,　two or more sorte of medals can not be awarded for the same achievement.Please refer to the attachment for the design drawings of the medal and the small size medal. Article 7
A certificate should come with the medal award; the design is to be decided by the Executive Yuan together with the Examination Yuan. Article 8
The Merit Medal, Exemplar Medal, and Service Medal recommendations are to be submitted by each governing establishment to its responsible agency for review and approval, and awarded by the Yuan' s Premier/President. Service Medal shall be submitted to the department of personnel administration for review and recording purposes.　The Service Medal shall be awarded by the authorized agency, and the authorized yuan may enact the awarding related regulations. Article 9
The Professional Medal is to be submitted to each Responsible Yuan for approval by each governing body according to its business characteristics and needs, and awarded by the superior officer of such establishment.　If the recipient is a civil servant, it is to be processed to the department of personnel gualified administration for recording purposes,and the professional Medal to record only. Article 10
The medals will be awarded in a celebration ceremony or assembly.The people awarded with the medals must be in proper attire when they join the important national celebration ceremony or assembly. If they have other higher-ranked medals, The medal should be worn next to them. Article 11
Those who are deprived of public rights due to crime must return their received Medals and Certificates.But Service Medal and the certificate can be saved. Article 12
The enforcement rules of this Act is to be decreed by the Executive Yuan together with the Examination Yuan. Article 13
This Act takes effect on the date of promulgation.The Amendments of this Act takes effect on the date of amended promulgation. 
