Article 1
This Act has been based on Article 18 of the Central Personnel Administration Organization Act. Article 2
The Civil Service Development Institute, which from here on after will be referred to as the CSDI, reports directly to theExecutive Yuan’s Central Personnel Administration; furthermore, the CSDI is tasked with handling the following matters:1 Managing the development and training of all the Executive Yuan’s subordinates who are middle- to high-level personnel.2 Providing workshops and seminars for the Executive Yuan’s civil servant subordinates.3 Offering professional training for the Executive Yuan’s established subordinates to participate in.4 Carrying out the research, evaluation and promotion of the current training techniques and methods.5 Implementing various related training courses and classes for the Executive Yuan’s civil servant subordinates. Article 3
The CSDI contains an Educational Affairs Division, a Counseling Division and a Research Division, which are all tasked with separately handling the above stated matters. Article 4
TheCSDIsetsupaSecretariatOffice,whichhandles documentation, meetings, examinations, general affairs, issues,cashiering, and printing, safe-keeping of assets and materials, and any other matters that are not handled by any other division or office within the CSDI. Article 5
The CSDI sets up a Director-General, whose position is ranked as Senior Grade 13, and who handles and oversees theinstitute’s affairs, and one Deputy Director, whose position is ranked as Senior Grade 12, and who assists in handling and overseeing the institute’s affairs. Article 6
The CSDI sets up three Directors, whose positions are ranked as Senior Grade10 to11 ; one Secretariat Chief, whose positionis ranked as Junior Grade 9; two or three Researchers, two Secretaries; and two or three Executive Officers, whose positions are ranked as Junior Grade 8 to 9 and of these there is one Researcher and one Executive Officer who can possess rank of Senior Grade 10. In addition, there are six to eight Counselors, whose positions are ranked as holding Junior Grade 7 to 9 ; two to three Executive Officers, whose positions are ranked as Junior Grade 7 to 8 ; twelve to sixteen Officers and three Technicians, whose positions are ranked as Junior Grade 4 to 5 and of these five Officers and one Technician can hold a Junior Grade 6 to 7 . Furthermore, there are five to seven Clerks, whose positions are ranked and appointed as Grade 3 to 4 ; and seven Associate Clerks, whose positions are ranked and appointed as Grade1 to 3 . Article 7
The CSDI sets up one Personnel Office, within which there is one Chief, whose position is ranked as holding a Junior Grade 9 and who is in charge of personnel management in accordance with the law. The needed personnel shall be assigned among the authorized staffing personnel in this Act. Article 8
The CSDI sets up one Accounting Office, within which there is one Chief, whose position is ranked as holding a Junior Grade9 and who is in charge of budgeting, accounting, and statistics in accordance with the law. The needed personnel shall be assigned among the authorized staffing personnel in this Act. Article 9
All personnel are given ranks and grades which as stipulated in Articles 5 to 8 are based on the regulations stipulated in Article8 of the Civil Servants Employment Law as outlined in the relevant series. Article 10
The CSDI permitted to hire as many Freelance Instructors as it requires. Article 11
The details of all the above mentioned matters have been drafted by the CSDI, and have been submitted to and approved by the Executive Yuan’s Central Personnel Administration. Article 12
This Act shall be implemented on the Date of Promulgation. 
