Article 1
These Regulations are prescribed in accordance with Article 2. Paragraph 2 and Paragraph 4 of the Civil Service Training and Continuing Education Act. Article 2
The Mid-Long Term Development Training of Senior Civil Servants (hereinafter referred to as "the Training") shall be governed by these regulations. For matters not prescribed herein, other relevant laws shall apply. Article 3
The Training is to be provided by the Civil Service Protection and Training Commission (hereinafter referred to as "the CSPTC") and the National Academy of Civil Service (hereinafter referred to as "the NACS") under the CSPTC, or by training institutes or public or private universities and colleges upon entrustment when necessary. Article 4
The courses of the Training aim to improve the required competencies of senior civil servants at rank 10 or above upon their future promotion.Trainees are divided into classes according to their rank or position. The duration of the Training shall be 26 weeks. Training programs consist of domestic and overseas courses. Course period in principle may not exceed 250 hours.Administrative contract shall prescribe rights and obligations for the trainees, the CSPTC and the NACS in other training-related issues. Article 5
Civil servants with following status are eligible for recommendation by competent authorities to participate in the Training:has been verified the qualification of employment by the Ministry of Civil Service, is an active and senior rank (rank 10) or above, has acquired 2 Grade A in performance ratings of the past two years, and has development potential. The aforementioned criteria are up to the respective year of 31st January. Article 6
The CSPTC shall distribute the numbers of recommended participants of the year according to the scheduled numbers of trainees, training capacity and balance between agencies.The Office of the President and the National Security Council give first review upon recommended personnel and submit the lists to the CSPTC prior to 1st March of each year. Central second-level authorities submit the lists of recommended personnel to central first-level authorities prior to 15th February of each year. Central first-level authorities give first review upon recommended personnel. The lists of recommended personnel shall be submitted to the CSPTC prior to 1st March of each year.Special municipality governments, special municipality councils, county/city governments and county/city councils give first review upon the recommended personnel and submit the lists to the Executive Yuan prior to 15th February of each year. The Executive Yuan shall submit the lists to the CSPTC prior to 1st March of each year.Each competent authority shall evaluate and confirm the eligibility of the recommended personnel. Selection Committees or temporary Review Committees shall be established to manage the qualifications when necessary. Article 7
The CSPTC shall undertake selection and assessment works according to the lists of personnel recommended by competent authorities; assessment results will be submitted to the Coordinating Board for the Mid-Long Term Training of Senior Civil Servant; enrollment lists will be published after the Board review. The Coordinating Board for the Mid-Long Term Training of Senior Civil Servant is comprised of: Minister of the CSPTC as the chief coordinator; other commissioners are appointed by the Examination Yuan, the Executive Yuan and relevant Yuans. Article 8
The trainees should have themselves registered by the NACS or entrusted training institutes/schools within the specified period to accept the Training. For crucial reasons e.g. wedding, funeral, pregnancy, maternity, miscarriage, serious illness, foreign service and other significant reasons, those who are unable to participate in the Training may prepare relevant documents to apply for the withdrawal or postponement from the Training. The withdrawal or postponement should be sent from their agencies/schools served to the competent authorities and then the CSPTC. Once agreed, withdrawal or postponement for the trainee is possible. Article 9
During the Training, for crucial reasons e.g. wedding, funeral, pregnancy, maternity, miscarriage, serious illness, foreign service and other significant reasons that cause trainees unable to continue attending the courses, trainees may prepare relevant documents within 3 days of the occurrence to the CSPTC via the NACS or entrusted training institutes/schools to apply for a halt of training. Once absence exceeds 20% of the training hours, the trainee shall be stopped training by the CSPTC. Article 10
During the training period, if any trainee is in any of the following circumstances, the NACS or entrusted training institutes/schools shall inform the CSPTC in written form to repeal his/her eligibility to attend the current year'straining program:1.Fails to register to the training program on time or applies to drop out of the training and obtain consent.2.In addition to the preceding Article, class hours allowed for the absence of leave exceeds 20% of the total hours of courses. 3.Drops out of the training without permission.4.Absenteeism.5.Impostor. 6.Attacks or coerces lecturers, instructors or personnel of the training institutes/schools with concrete proof. 7.Being suspended from the test due to the violation of test rules prescribed by the CSPTC. 8.Other identifiable and severe misbehaviors with concrete proof. Article 11
According to the Regulations on Civil Servants' Applications for Leave, the employing agency or school of the trainee should issue leave for statutory reasons to trainees during the training period.The NACS or entrusted training institutes/schools shall submit relevant documents of absence specified in the preceding two Articles to the agencies/schools of the trainee served. Article 12
Trainees who had participated in the senior civil servants training courses two years prior to the current program may apply for course exemption by providing relevant documents to the CSPTC; a review group will check the application according to course content, coverage and hours. Article 13
Competencies of the trainees will be evaluated via the in-process assessment and the summary assessment. The in-process assessment consists of: 1.Behavior-based evaluation.2.Teaching and learning evaluation. 3.Working internship evaluation.4.Overseas study evaluation. The summary assessment is performed via the Assessment Center Method. Assessment report of each competency will be made by integrating the in-process assessment and the summary assessment. Assessment results are classified into five levels: outstanding, excellent, great, normal and weak. Trainees obtaining "great" and beyond in each competency will pass the assessment. Article 14
During the selection or training period, assessors who are responsible for grading will voluntarily abstain from the assessment when his/her spouse, third-degree relatives, relatives by marriage are participating in the selection or training assessment. Article 15
Trainees will be awarded certificate upon their completion of training. The CSPTC will report to the Examination Yuan to issue qualification certificate and inform each trainees and agencies/schools trainees served. Article 16
The CSPTC will include qualified personnel into the Senior Civil Servants Human Resource Database. Agencies/schools may refer to the Database when recruitment.To ensure correctness, responsiveness and completeness of the Database, the CSPTC should regularly inform the Ministry of Civil Service for latest qualification information of qualified personnel.Agencies/schools served of the trainees included into the Senior Civil Servants Human Resource Database should actively inform the CSPTC for revision or supplement when personnel information changes. Agencies/schools may apply for information to the CSPTC when recruiting senior personnel of rank 10 or above. The CSPTC should provide relevant information.Agencies/schools should abide by the Personal Information Protection Act when accessing information from the CSPTC. Those who had obtained the certificate by completion of the Take Off Program For Senior Civil Service apply to this Article. Article 17
Those who pass the assessment and are included into the Senior Civil Servants Human Resource Database should participate in the recurrent learning activities held by the CSPTC or the NACS once in every two years. Article 18
The qualified personnel who pass the assessment shall be removed from the Senior Civil Servants Human Resource Database when one of the following incidents occurs: 1.Retirement, resignation, severance, removal, suspension during investigation, Suspension as a Punishment Exceeding Six-months, dismissal and death. 2.Personnel qualification is found ineligible for the Training.3.No promotion within six years after being listed in Senior Civil Servants Human Resource Database.4.Skip the recurrent learning activities held by the CSPTC or the NACS without legitimate reasons every two years after being listed in the Senior Civil Service Database.5.Other concrete proof that lead to the removal.The aforementioned "retirement, resignation, severance" in previous Paragraph, Subparagraph 1 do not cover the condition when public functionaries transfer to political appointees. Article 19
If the trainee is in any of the following circumstances, the qualification for the Training of the trainee shall be retained: 1.Fails to register to the training program on time due to any circumstance specified in Article 8 and applies for postponement of the Training with relevant proof and obtains the consent. 2.The training is stopped due to any circumstance specified in Article 9. Once postponement prior to the Training or stop during the Training is permitted, trainee should submit relevant proof and documents to the CSPTC via his/her agency/school served to the competent authorities within 3 months. The CSPTC will rearrange the participation of next year. Those who do not submit the application in time are considered withdrawal from the re-participation.Those who do not pass the assessment yet still eligible for the Training since next year may participate in the Training at their own total expense by following the procedure of Article 6 Paragraph 2 to Paragraph 4 with proper selection process.For any trainee whose eligibility to attend the current year's training program is repealed pursuant to Article 10 Paragraph 1 to Paragraph 4, they should wait in interval to re-participate at their own total expense by following the procedure of Article 6 Paragraph 2 to Paragraph 4 with proper selection process. The intervals are: 1.Article 10 Paragraph 1 or Paragraph 2: one year.2.Article 10 Paragraph 3 or Paragraph 4: three years. Article 20
During the Training period, the CPSTC will repeal the qualification of the trainee once trainee is found ineligible for the Training.After trainees' completing the training and passing the assessment, the CPSTC will repeal the qualification of the trainee and assessment certificate will be nullified by the Examination Yuan once trainee is found ineligible for the Training. Article 21
The CSPTC shall conduct competency analysis of the trainees before and after the Training. Along with the selection and assessment results, the competency analysis report will be submitted to the agencies/schools served of the trainees and be the reference for the trainees' autonomous or customized learning activities. Article 22
Funds required for the Training shall be payable from the budget prescribed by the CSPTC and the NACS, and the trainees and the agency served may be charged for basic expenses in the Training. Article 23
In order to enhance the effectiveness of the training, the CSPTC may accept citizens not in the civil service to apply for the training toenhance cooperation and exchange between civil servants, enterprises and campuses. Article 6 and 7 regulate the eligibility check and selection procedure for these applicants. Article 24
The Training is to be conducted by the CSPTC via annual training plan. The training plan should clearly demonstrate the classes, training recipients, selection procedures, training courses and hours, scheduled numbers of trainees, numbers of recommendation, implementation methods, assessment procedure, participation for non-civil servants, expenses and relevant items. Article 25
The Regulations came into force since 1st January 2015. 
