1 Elihu also proceeded and said:2 "Bear with me a little, and I will show you That there are yet words to speak on God's behalf.3 I will fetch my knowledge from afar; I will ascribe righteousness to my Maker.4 For truly my words are not false; One who is perfect in knowledge is with you.5 "Behold, God is mighty, but despises no one; He is mighty in strength of understanding.6 He does not preserve the life of the wicked, But gives justice to the oppressed.7 He does not withdraw His eyes from the righteous; But they are on the throne with kings, For He has seated them forever, And they are exalted.8 And if they are bound in fetters, Held in the cords of affliction,9 Then He tells them their work and their transgressions- That they have acted defiantly.10 He also opens their ear to instruction, And commands that they turn from iniquity.11 If they obey and serve Him, They shall spend their days in prosperity, And their years in pleasures.12 But if they do not obey, They shall perish by the sword, And they shall die without knowledge.13 "But the hypocrites in heart store up wrath; They do not cry for help when He binds them.14 They die in youth, And their life ends among the perverted persons.15 He delivers the poor in their affliction, And opens their ears in oppression.16 "Indeed He would have brought you out of dire distress, Into a broad place where there is no restraint; And what is set on your table would be full of richness.17 But you are filled with the judgment due the wicked; Judgment and justice take hold of you.18 Because there is wrath, beware lest He take you away with one blow; For a large ransom would not help you avoid it.19 Will your riches, Or all the mighty forces, Keep you from distress?20 Do not desire the night, When people are cut off in their place.21 Take heed, do not turn to iniquity, For you have chosen this rather than affliction.22 "Behold, God is exalted by His power; Who teaches like Him?23 Who has assigned Him His way, Or who has said, 'You have done wrong'?Elihu Proclaims God's Majesty24 "Remember to magnify His work, Of which men have sung.25 Everyone has seen it; Man looks on it from afar.26 "Behold, God is great, and we do not know Him; Nor can the number of His years be discovered.27 For He draws up drops of water, Which distill as rain from the mist,28 Which the clouds drop down And pour abundantly on man.29 Indeed, can anyone understand the spreading of clouds, The thunder from His canopy?30 Look, He scatters His light upon it, And covers the depths of the sea.31 For by these He judges the peoples; He gives food in abundance.32 He covers His hands with lightning, And commands it to strike.33 His thunder declares it, The cattle also, concerning the rising storm.
