Article 1
Armed Forces Military Flags are based ruled by the rules stipulated in this Act. Article 2
Kinds of Military Flags are as follows:Subparagraph 1Commander-in-Chief Flag.Subparagraph 2Military Unit Flag.Subparagraph 3Official Position Flag.Subparagraph 4Rank Flag.Subparagraph 5Navy Use Banners. Article 3
Commander- in- Chief Flag is a flag useed by the President to lead the Nation's Armed Forces. The style of the flag is shown on Figure-1 (Referencing Page 5540 of the 1994 May Issue (9) of the General Edition of Existing Law of the Republic of China). Article 4
The Military Unit Flag is classified as follows:Subparagraph 1Ministry of National Defense Flag.Subparagraph 2Army Flag.Subparagraph 3Navy Flag.Subparagraph 4Air Force Flag.Subparagraph 5Combined Service Force Flag.Subparagraph 6Reserved Flag.Subparagraph 7Military Police Flag.Subparagraph 8Marine Corp Flag.The style of each flag stated above is shown on the attached drawings. If the Military Unit Flag stated on Item-2 of Article-2 can not fully represent the characteristics of the Organization,Troops or Schools,it will be determined by the Ministry of National Defense according to the actual requirement. Article 5
Official Position Flag is classified into the following:1.Minister of National Defense Flag.2.General Chief of Staff of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.3.Commanding General of Army of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.4.Commanding General of Navy of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.5.Commanding General of Air Force of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.6.Commanding General of Combined Service Force of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.7.Commanding General of Reserved Military Force of the Ministry of National Defense Flag.The styles of the flags stated on Subection-1 and Subsection-2 are shown on the attached Drawing-3.And the styles of the flags stated on Subsection-3 to Subsection-7 are determined by the Ministry of National defense. Article 6
The Rank Flag is a flag to identify the Military Rank (Position) of the Ranking Officers of the Arm Forces. Its classification and style are determined by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 7
Navy Banners are the flags used in a mission of a Navy Battle Ship. They are classified as follows:Subparagraph 1Ship Front Flag.Subparagraph 2Navy Senior Officer's Flag.Subparagraph 3Navy Battle Fleet Leader's Flag.Subparagraph 4Navy Navigating Battle Ship Flag.Subparagraph 5Long PennantOther flags approved by the Ministry of National Defense.The styles of the above stated flags are determined by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 8
The Commander-in Chief Flag is produced by the Ministry of National Defense. Other flags are made and distributed or authorized by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 9
The rules of the drawings and use, hanging, and holding of the flag stated in this Act are determined by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 10
The Enforcement Regulations are determined by the Ministry of National Defense Article 11
This Act is enforced from the day of its announcement. 
