Article 1
The evaluation of the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers whose ranks are lower than the Lieutenant General is base on this Act.The evaluationof the Reserved Ranking Officers, Reserved Non Commission Officers that are required to serve in the military of no more than three years is institutedseparately by the Ministry of National Defense, and is not included in this Act. Article 2
The evaluation is evaluated at the end of each year based on the Performamce from January to December, During the same evaluating year, If a person has taken the position for less one year but has continued for six months, the evaluation should be made separately.However those who have not served over six months will not be rated. Article 3
The evaluation is conducted in three levels. It is classified as initial rating, Re-Rating, and Examine; The examining officers of the three levels are designated by the Ministry of National Defense according to their organization's style of each unit. Article 4
The six items of the Performance Rating are: mentality, conduct, skill, learning, efficiency, and physical condition. Article 5
When evaluation the performance each itemof the officers, the examing Officer should use the evaluation during ordinary time as its base, and refer to the annual records of the officer's award and punishment , then do the general analysis and final rating. Article 6
The Nine Grades of the evaluationare classified as: Excellent, Good, A+, A, B+, B, C+, C, and D. Article 7
The usage of the evaluationresults is base on the Grade as its main criterion and the rating's items as its secondary criterion. the personnel affairs of appointment of rank, taking position, training assignment, and awarding are base on "B" as its lowest passing standard. Article 8
Those who obtained a "B" and above grades in the annual evaluation will be rewarded with money; Those below "C+" will be transferred for observation or forced retirement depending on the personnel situation.The annual evaluation, the separate evaluation and the standard of award are determined by the Ministry ofNational Defense. Article 9
Those units that are on a war mission and personnel under special circumstances will not be rated on their performance, when circumstances allow, a make up rating will be made. Article 10
The examing officer and the personnel related to the evaluationmust keep the rating items in secret, and favoritism or omitting errors is not allowed, Any violation will be punished accordingly. Article 11
After the enforcing of this amended Act and during the transition period of changing from the old and new fiscal year ratings, for those who have not been completely ratedfor the fiscal year but were conformed to have another performance rating for the period of not being rated, are entitled for one separated rating. Article 12
The Enforcement Regulations of this Act is determined by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 13
This Act shall take effect from the day of its announcement. 
