Article 1
In order to promote All-out defense education, advance national defense knowledge and awareness to defense our country of the public, complete national defense development, and to ensure national security, the Act was enacted. Article 2
The competency agency referred in the Act at the central level is Ministry of National Defense; at special municipalities, the county (city) level governments shall be the authority agencies. For matters governed by the Act and involved the authorities of various business competency agencies, the related business competency agencies shall be in charge. Article 3
Items below shall be administered by the Central competency agency:Paragraph 1Studies and enactment of rules and regulations and policies of All-out defense education.Paragraph 2Studies and development of research and development of All-out defense education.Paragraph 3Planning and evaluation of All-out defense education.Paragraph 4Subsidies and appraisal of national All-out educational work.Paragraph 5Trainings and vocational trainings of All-out defense educators .Paragraph 6Promotions and publicities of national wide national defense. Article 4
Items below shall be administered by the special municipality, county (city) competency agencies.Paragraph 1Planning, execution, and supervision of All-out defense educational work.Paragraph 2Subsidies and evaluation of All-out defense educational work carried out by schools and agencies (organizations) in their districts.Paragraph 3On-the-job educations of All-out defense educators.Paragraph 4Promotions and publicities of All-out defense education.Paragraph 5Other matters related to All-out defense education. Article 5
All-out defense education referred to in the Act shall be conducted and the scope shall include:Paragraph 1School education.Paragraph 2On-the-job training s at governmental agencies (institutions).Paragraph 3Social education.Paragraph 4Protection, promotion, and education of national defense artifacts. Article 6
Executive Yuan shall establish All-out Defense Education Day and organize various relevant activities to enhance All-out defense education. Article 7
Schools at each level shall promote All-out defense education and according to actual needs, it shall be included in teaching curriculum and diverse teaching activities shall be organized.The above course contents and implementation methods shall be regulated by agencies of Ministry of Education and the central competency agency. Article 8
Each governmental agency shall conduct All-out defense education of its personnel periodically according to the nature of work.The above course contents and implementation methods shall be regulated by agencies of Directorate-General of Personnel Administrational Executive Yuan , Civil Service Protection and training Commission and the central competency agency. Article 9
The competency agencies and those of purposive businesses at each level shall produce films, video tapes, or literature for All-out defense education and through the broadcasting and publishing of the mass communication media to actively build and develop collective awareness of the general public towards national security and defense. Article 10
The competency agency at each level shall incorporate with drill exercises and plan educational activities or courses on national defense mobilizing exercises. In addition, during mobilized drill exercises, national defense education shall be conducted accordingly. Article 11
The competency agency at each level shall properly manage historical military sites, museums, memorial halls, and other cultural sites and enhance the collection, studies, interpretation, and protection works for meaningful artifacts of All-out defense education. The implementation methods in the previous paragraph shall be enacted by agencies of Council for Cultural Affairs, Ministry of Education, and the Central competency agency. Article 12
Leaves on business shall be given to personnel from the governmental agencies (institutions), schools, and business units that participate in All-out defense education. Article 13
The competency agencies and those of purposive businesses at each level shall allocate budgets to promote matters related to All-out defense education. Article 14
Proper encouragements shall be given to agencies (institutions), groups or individuals that have outstanding contributions to All-out defense educational work. The above encouragements shall be regulated by the central competency agency. Article 15
The Act shall be put into force one year after promulgation. 
