Article 1
Military Men of the Armed Forces that have an achievement in a battle, or merits, unless otherwise regulated in other laws, are rewarded in accordance with this Act. Article 2
The Medal Decorations are as follows:1-National Glory Medal.2-National Emblem Medal. (Blue Sky White Sun)3-Precious Tripod Medal. (Pao Ting)4-Loyalty and Bravery Medal.5-Cloud and Banner Medal. (Yun Hui)6-Loyalty and Diligence Medal.7-Sword Decoration.8-Honor Flag. Article 3
The National Glory Medal is not divided into levels, Any Military Man of the Armed Forces who defend his country from a foreign invasion and has a special achievement in a war is decorated with this medal. Article 4
The National Emblem (Blue Sky White Sun) Medal is not divided into levels. Any Military Man of the Armed Forces who defends his country from a foreign invasion and has an achievement in a war is decorated with this medal. Article 5
The Precious Tripod (Pao Ting) Medal is divided into nine levels, Any Military Man of the Armed Forces who defend his country from a foreign invasion or suppresses a civil war, and has an achievement in a war is decorated according to the following rules:General Level Officers = First to Fourth Level.From colonel to major = Third to Sixth Level.From captain to second lieutenant officers= Fourth to Seventh Level.Lieutenant and Enlisted Soldier Levels = Sixth to Ninth Level. Article 6
The Loyalty & Bravery Medal is not divided into level, any Military Man of the Arm Forces who defends his country from a foreign invasion, fights bravely and dose not withdraw even injured is decorated with this medal. Article 7
The Cloud and Banner Medal (Yun Hui) is divided into nine levels, Any Military Man of the Armed Forces who has an outstanding achievement in the country or suppresses a civil war and has best performance is decorated with this medal according to the following rules:General Level Officers = First to Fourth Level.From colonel to major = Third to Sixth Level.From captain to second lieutenant= Fourth to Seventh Level.Lieutenant and Enlisted Soldier Levels = Sixth to Ninth Level. Article 8
Loyalty & Diligence Medal is not divided into level Any Military Man of the Armed forces who has continuously served for more than 10 years and his records are worthy to be decorated. Article 9
The Sword Decoration is divided into three level. When a General Rank of the Arm Forces has been awarded the highest level, and had an outstanding accomplishment or achievement on a war again, he will be decorated this decoration. Article 10
An Honor Flag is not divided into levels Any Arm Forces (Army, Navy, Air Force) Troop that has fought loyally and bravely will be decorated with an Honor Flag. Article 11
A Non-Military Man of the Arm Forces or Military Man in his Hometown or a foreigner who has an outstanding achievement in a battle, will be decorated with a Precious Tripod (Pao Ting) Medal or a Cloud & Banner (Yun Hui) Medal in accordance with this Act. Article 12
The Decoration of Medal or Sword is by the order of the President, together with a Certificate of the Medal or the Decorated Sword. Article 13
Aside from ordering the decoration of the Medal or Sword by the President, each Superior Officer can also base on an actual achievement record and submit 'Decorations' recommendation book to the Ministry of National Defense for approval, according to the Administrative System, to be reported to the President, through the Executive Yuan, for approval and decoration; But during the war, it will be decorated by the highest Commanding Officer and submit to the President for filing on a latter day, should also be recorded by the belonging organization. Article 14
The decoration of a Medal or Sword to an officer with a General Rank is done by the President or the highest Commanding Officer personally or their representative ; For an officer with the rank ofColonel (or below) and Enlisted Soldiers, the medal is decorated by their Superior Officer or the original organization which recommends. Article 15
The decoration of an Honor Flag is reported by the highest Commanding Officer to the President for review and release, and is decorated personally by the highest Commanding Officer, or his representative assign a person to decorate on his behalf. However those with a special achievement will be decorated by a person assigned by the President on the battle field or at the location. Article 16
The person or troop thathas been decorated with a medal or honor flag, shouldreport the decorating datato Ministry of National Defense for filing. Article 17
Those who are receiving a Precious Tripod (Pao Ting) Medal, Cloud & Banner (Yun Hui) Medal, or Sword Decoration, should be decorated starting from the lowest level in accordance with the regulations stated in Article-5, Article-9, Article-11. However those ordered by the President are not limited to these rules. Article 18
Any person who encountered one the following circumstances should return and destroy his Medal or Sword:1- Being striped off of his civil rights for life.2- Being stripped off of his Medal or Sword by an order.3- Losting his citizenship of Republic of China. Article 19
Any person who encounters one of the following circumstances should stop wearing his medal or sword: 1- Stripped off of his civil rights and has not been restored.2- Serving a prison term and has not been released. Article 20
When a decorated person has died, his medal or sword need not to be returned or destroyed. Or if a deceased has an outstanding achievement before he dies, and has been approved to be decorate with a medal, but cannot be decorated on time, the medal should be released to his direct relatives or spouse. Article 21
If the unit designation of an Arm Forces Troop has been abolished, the decorated honor flag should be returned to the original decorating organization for cancellation. Article 22
If gotten lost, a decorated medal or sword may be applied for reissuing. However if the original is found, the reisse report for cancellation immediately. Article 23
The decorated medal or sword can not be transferred or pawned, The personwho violates the rules should return his decoration which must be cancelled and should be punished ; Any person Wearing other's medal or sword will also be punished. Article 24
The Enforcement Rules of this Act are determined by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 25
The enforcement will take effect on the announcement date. 
