Article 1
The Armed Forces Uniforms are regulated by this Act. Article 2
Paragraph 1For active duty servicemen, there are three kinds of uniforms as follows:Subparagraph 1Dress Uniforms; the fashion shall be correspondent to Attached Photo 1.Subparagraph 2Garrison Service Uniforms; the fashion shall be correspondent to Attached Photo 2.Subparagraph 3Field Service Uniforms; the fashion shall be promulgated by the Ministry of National Defense.Paragraph 2Active duty servicemen wearing Dress Uniforms and Garrison Service Uniforms shall wear cockades, cap tassels, and rank insignias; the fashion shall be correspondent to Attached Photo 3. Active duty servicemen wearing Field Service Uniforms shall wear rank insignias; the fashion shall be promulgated by the Ministry of National Defense.Paragraph 3The Ministry of National Defense is empowered to promulgate the subject, region, and fashion of other insignias which shall be worn.Paragraph 4The uniforms, cockades, cap tassels, and rank insignias of active duty servicemen shall be distinguished among Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and the Military Police. Article 3
Wearing Dress Uniforms on the following occasions:Subparagraph 1a formal visit to the President or Head of State of our Allies;Subparagraph 2attending a grand ceremony or banquet of our own or foreign countries’;Subparagraph 3a formal visit or a repaying visit to officials and officers of our Allies;Subparagraph 4attending important ceremonies or other formal occasions;Subparagraph 5ordinary working days or outing. Article 4
Wearing Garrison Service Uniforms on the following occasions:Subparagraph 1attending all kinds of military ceremonies;Subparagraph 2ordinary working days or outing. Article 5
Wearing Field Service Uniforms on the following occasions:Subparagraph 1fighting;Subparagraph 2manoeuvres or trainings;Subparagraph 3operating inside or outside the camp;Subparagraph 4ordinary working days or outing. Article 6
When wearing uniforms, active duty servicemen are required to wear those awarding with decorations, badges, and medals according to relative regulations. Article 7
Non-active duty servicemen are entitled to wear the uniforms stipulated by this Act on the following occasions:Subparagraph 1servicemen retired or out of commission being invited by the Ministry of National Defense to attend ceremonies;Subparagraph 2reservists being promoted;Subparagraph 3other circumstances approved by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 8
The fashion of fatigue dresses, sweat suits, raincoats, jackets, sweaters, outer coats, maternity clothes, caps, and the clothes for particular missions or comity of nations are promulgated by the Ministry of National Defense and its sub-division. Article 9
Paragraph 1The supply and distribution of uniforms, cockades, cap tassels, rank insignias, other emblems, clothes, underwear, underpants, army socks, army boots for active duty servicemen are stipulated by the Ministry of National Defense; those who are appointed to other agencies may be supplied and distributed via entrusting by the Ministry of National Defense.Paragraph 2the provisions of preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis to the supply and distribution for cadets. Article 10
The circumstances of active duty servicemen to wear uniforms, the switching time for seasonal uniforms, and the occasions Article 3 to Article 5 applied to are promulgated by the Ministry of National Defense. Article 11
This Act will be put into practice from the date of promulgation. 
