Article 1
The Ministry of National Defense has under it the Army Command Headquarters (hereinafter referred to as the Army HQ) that is in charge of army military affairs. Article 2
The Army HQ is in charge of army military affairs which are as follows:1. Planning, supervising, and implementing of political warfare.2. Planning, supervising, and implementing of inspection and legal affairs. 3. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the manpower management and service, general administrations, history compilation and translation, and education.4. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the military intelligence distribution and application.5. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the operational readiness, troops training, doctrine development and application, and HA/DR assistance.6. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the reserve component mobilization affairs.7. Coordinating, controlling, and supervising of the logistic affairs; planning, supervising, and implementing of the materials management, general purpose and services’ logistic readiness.8. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the military build-up policies and weapon systems. 9. Planning, supervising, and implementing of the affairs concerned with information, communication, and electronics corps, chemical corps, and engineer corps. 10. Planning, supervising, and implementing of other affairs. Article 3
Army HQ may establish agencies for commanding and managing the affairs the preceding article mandates, and may establish sub-agencies for transacting businesses according to the requirement of practices. Article 4
The Army HQ, for the purposes of implementing army operations and military buildup and readiness, may establish agencies for command, training, professional, execution, support, military research and development, and troops；The structure of each agency and troops will be stipulated in Table of Organization and Equipment (TOE). Article 5
The Army HQ has one commanding general, at the rank of general, two deputy commanding generals, both at the rank of lieutenant general, and one chief of staff, also at the rank of lieutenant general. Article 6
Each position in the Army HQ, including its rank and amount of personnel, will be stipulated in TOE. Article 7
Army HQ, when deeming it necessary, may employ civilian staff. Article 8
The Regulations shall be put into force from the date of Jan, 1, 2013. 
