Article 1
This Regulation is prescribed in accordance with the Nineteenth Clause,Rule One of Military Education Regulation Article 2
The Army Junior College is subordinated to the Ministry of National Defense (MND). The chool also receives guidance from Ministry of Education (MOE) based on related educational laws. Article 3
The objective of the Army Junior College is to train the non-commissioned officers and volunteer soldiers.The Army Senior High School is affiliated tohe Army Junior College Article 4
The School engages in basic education, and further education as well if needed.The school is departmentalized into divisions, centers, and offices, each of which being in charge of the following items:（1）Academic Affairs Division:in charge of enrolment, registration, curriculum affairs, teaching materials, student status, and other academic affairs.（2）Cadet Affairs Division:in charge of psychological counseling, life counseling, health care, extracurricular activities guidance, patriotic education, counseling service, military discipline inspection, and military security.（3）General Affairs Division：in charge of administrative support, barrack construction, facilities, personnel, and planning, supervision, execution,and evaluation of logistics.（4）Library and Information Center：in charge of collecting teaching and researching resources, providing information service, information administration, teaching and researching（5）Ｃomputer Ｃenter：in charge of information education, long-distanced education, internet planning, automation of offices, teaching information, and campus information security.（6）Comptroller Office:in charge of revenue accounting and tatistics.Any organizational change or adjustment for teaching, researching, and recruitment could only be made under the ratification of MND. Article 6
The School includes Teaching Department, Instructor─General, Cadet Command, and Headquarter Company. Article 7
The School has one Commandant,Major General, in charge of generalschool Affairs；one Executive Director and one Director, Political Warfare, both of which are Colonels, assisting the principal in dealing with school affairs. Article 8
The School has One Dean would be appointed to the Teaching Department, and each section of all subjects as well.The staff mentioned above fits the tenure of office and is determined by MND.Besides, they should be qualified as professors.If not, the associate professors could be substituted for one term only. Article 9
Teachers can be divided into two parts basically: professors, associate professors, assistant professors, and instructors belong to the Junior College, engaging in teaching, researching and counseling; teachers in the affiliated senior high school should be full-time personnel. However, in case of some special events, part-time teachers can be employed too.The transfer and employment of preceding personnel should follow related educational and personnel laws. Article 10
The School consists of Instructor-Genera,Commander,Director, Teachers, Deputy Director, Director General , Chief, Commander, Staff Chief Counselor,Cadet Command Battalion Instructors, Counselors,Drillmasters, Medic Officers, Company Commanders, Deputy Company Commanders, and Leaders. Article 11
The official ranks and prescribed numbers of personnel listed in the Regulation is specified by the Table of Organization. Article 12
The School shall hold various meetings in accordance with the Senior High School Law to meet practical needs Article 13
The School may set up various committees and related personnel in accordance with the College Law to meet practical needs. The personnel composition should follow the prescribed official numbers specified in the Regulation Article 14
The School is allowed to hire employees depending on practical needs. Article 15
This Regulation shall be put intoforce from the date August 1 2005. 
