Article 1
This Regulation is prescribed in accordance with Military Education Regulation, the Nineteenth Clause, Rule One. Article 2
Army Communication Electronics and Information School (ACEIS) is subordinated to the ministry National Defense (MND). Army Headquarter could be authorized to act the founding of the school. Article 3
The objective of the ACEIS is to train Army officer's and sergeant's communication, electronics, information, and maintenance specialty. Article 4
The further education of the ACEIS is designed in accordance with school's features and policies. Article 5
The ACEIS is departmentalized into divisions, centers, and offices, each of which being in charge of the following items ,and divide into groups to wield in purpose.（1）Academic Section: in charge of enrolment, register, curriculum affairs, teaching materials, student status, and other academic affairs.（2）Students' Affairs Section: in charge of Psychological counseling, life counseling, health care, extracurricular activities guidance, patriotic education, counseling service, military discipline , ethics and military security.（3）General Affairs Section: in charge of personnel, logistics, construction, and other general affairs.（4）Information Library Center: in charge of collection of teaching research resources, and providing information service, developiog information system and personnel training .（5）Comptroller Office: in charge of budgeting, general accounting, and statistics.（6）Operation Research and Development Office: in charge of publishing of Army Signal Corps manning and equipping, doctrines, material research and development, academic journals, and other operational research development.（7）Instructor-General’s Office: in charge of Military education, academic research, Army Signal Corps system integration, physical combat course planning and training execution.Any organizational change or extension for teaching, research, and recruitment could only be made under the ratification of the MND.. Article 6
The ACEIS has Student Squadron, Headquarter Company, and Training and Service Company. Article 7
The AECIS has one principal, Major General, in charge of general school affairs; one Executive Director and one Director of Political Warfare, both of which are colonel, assisting the principal in dealing with school affairs. Article 8
The ACEIS has General-Instructor, Commander, Brigade Commander, Division Director, Director, Chief, Deputy Commander, Deputy Division Director, Instructor-Director, Chief, Brigade Commander, Instructor, Staff, Company Commander, Squadron Commander, Chief Counselor, Group Commander, Medical Officer, Deputy Squadron Commander, Deputy Company Commander, Deputy Group Commander, Platoon Leader, Element Commander. Article 9
The official rank and prescribed number of personnel listed in the Regulation is specified by the Table of Organization. Article 10
After the ACEIS executed the Modified amendment on May 22nd,2007, it is not allowed to hire employees. For those who already had been hired, they can continue to work until they decide to leave their current jobs. Article 11
The Regulation shall be implemented upon itsofficialization. 
