Article 1
This Regulation is enacted pursuant to Article 9.1 of the Organization Law of the Ministry of National Defense. Article 2
The National Defense Medical Bureau (hereinafter referred to as "the Bureau") takes charge of medical and sanitary affairs of the national armies. Article 3
The Bureau administers the following affairs: 13.1 Planning of military medical policies and institutions.3.2 Training, evaluation, experience management of military medical personnel.3.3 Operation, manpower and reward planning as well as operating and management affairs of military hospitals.3.4 Planning, supervision and control of military medical treatment and health care as well as research development. 3.5 Planning, supervision and control of military medical logistics and medical materials. 3.6 Other military medical affairs. Article 4
Under the Bureau are set the following departments to separately preside over the affairs listed in the article above:4.1 Department of Medical Management.4.2 Department of Medical Planning.4.3 Department of Medical Treatment and Health Care.4.4 Department of Medicines Administration.4.5 Department of Medical Logistics.According to the military requirements, the Ministry of National Defense may reduce the above-mentioned departments or increase other necessary departments within the staff quota prescribed in this Regulation and with the approval of the Executive Yuan. Article 5
The Bureau may establish medical organs and professional organs to execute medical affairs and sanitary services for the national armies, and the organization of the foresaid organs shall be described in Grouping and Equipment Table. Article 6
In the Bureau are set 1 director general at the rank of lieutenant general or major general, and 1 or 2 deputy director generals at the rank of senior grade 11~12 or major general. Article 7
Under the Bureau are set 5 directors of departments at the rank of senior grade 10~11 or Major General or Colonel; 5 or 6 deputy directors at the rank of senior grade 10 or Colonel; 6~10 special committeemen at the rank of intermediate grade 9~10 or colonel or lieutenant colonel; 2 or 3 secretaries, 9~15 inspectors, 1~2 auditors and 2 technical directors at the rank of intermediate grade 8~9 or lieutenant colonel, among which 1 secretary and 3~5 inspectors may be ranked as senior grade 10 or colonel; 9 or 10 editors at the rank of intermediate grade 7~9 or lieutenant colonel or major; 10~14 commissioners at the rank of intermediate grade 7~8 or colonel or major; 1 designer at the rank of intermediate grade 6~8 or lieutenant colonel, major or captain; 1~2 technicians and 9~11 section members at the rank of junior grade 5, intermediate grade 6~7 or major, captain, lieutenant; 1~2 assistant designers at the rank of junior grade 4~5, among which 1 may be ranked as intermediate grade 6; 1~7 clerks at the rank of junior grade 3~5; and 1~5 secretaries at the rank of junior grade 1~3. In each department, one of the director and deputy directors shall be assumed by a physician of the Division (I) grade according to the Medical Personnel Regulation when necessary. Article 8
In the Accounting and Statistics Office under the Bureau is set a director at the rank of colonel, who deals with the annual accounting, accounting and statistic affairs of the Bureau and the affiliated organs according to law. Other staffs required may be dispatched within the personnel quota prescribed in this Regulation. Article 9
The position system applicable for the personnel with official ranks listed in Articles 6~8 shall be selected from related position systems according to article 8 of the Public Servants Commission Law.The medical personnel of the Bureau shall be appointed in accordance with the Medical Personnel Regulation. Article 10
Committees may be established under the Bureau according to the operational requirements and with the approval of the Ministry of National Defense, and the number the committee numbers required shall be gathered within the personnel quota prescribed in this Regulation. Article 11
Besides being subject to the direction of the commander of the corresponding department, the military medical organs and personnel of all levels in national armies shall be supervised by the Bureau's director general in their operations. Article 12
According to the operational requirements, the Bureau may employ counselors and the personnel employed by the national armies. Article 13
The office procedure of the Bureau is studied out by the Bureau itself and reported to the Ministry of National Defense for examination and approval. Article 14
The execution date of this Regulation will be determined by the Executive Yuan. 
