Article 1
This Regulation is prescribed in accordance with Military Education Regulation, the Nineteenth Clause, Rule One. Article 2
Army Armored Corps School (AACS) is subordinated to the ministry of National Defense (MND), could be authorized to act the founding of the school by Army Command Headquarters ,MND. Article 3
The objective of the AACS is to train Army officer and sergeant's cavalry, and maintenance speciality. Article 4
The further education of the AACS is designed in accordance with school's features and policies. Article 5
The AACS is departmentalized into divisions, centers, and offices, each of which being in charge of the following items ,and divide into groups to wield in purpose.（1）Academic Section: in charge of enrolment, register, curriculum affairs, teaching materials, student status, and other academic affairs.（2）Students' Affairs Section: in charge of Psychological counseling, life counseling, health care, extracurricular activities guidance, patriotic education, counseling service, military discipline, ethics and military security.（3）General Affairs Section: in charge of personnel, logistics, construction, and other general affairs.（4）Operation ＆Training Division ：Responsible for intelligence, operational training and planning, supervision, assessment and execution of artillery forces’ post training.（5）Information Library Center: in charge of collection of teaching research resources, and providing inform service. developing information system and personnel training.（6）Comptroller Office: in charge of budgeting, general accounting, and statistics.（7）Operational Development Division ：Responsible for the organization, doctrine of Army artillery and missile, military material R ＆D, publication of artillery specialized periodical and other related operational development affairs.（8）General Instructor Office:in charge of planning lessons and training executing of military training and physical techniques.Any organizational change or extension for teaching, research, and recruitment could only be made under the ratification of the MND. Article 6
The AACS consists of Student Brigade, Training and Service Battalion, and Headquarter Company． Article 7
The AACS has one principal , Major General and in charge of general school affairs. There are one vice principal, one Executive Director and one Director of Political Warfare, all of them are Colonel responsible for assisting the principal in dealing with school affairs. Article 8
Deleted Article 9
The official rank and prescribed number of personnel listed in the Regulation is specified by the Table of Organization. Article 10
The AACS is not allowed to hire employees after the Regulations executed in May 22,2007.Each of hired employees keep working until out of duty. Article 11
The Regulation shall be implemented upon its officialization. 
