Article 1
The Organization Regulations of the Chung Cheng Armed forces Preparatory School (hereinafter referred to as the Regulations) is drafted according to Section 2, Article 19 of the Military Education Act. Article 2
The Chung Cheng Armed Forces Preparatory School (hereinafter referred to as the School) is subordinate to the ministry of National Defense, stipulates to the relevant education laws, and is under the direction of the Ministry of Education. Article 3
The purpose of this School is to provide the Senior High School and Preparatory School education for those who will eventually become the cadres of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and the Political Warfare Academy. Article 4
The School provides basic education according to special characteristics and developmental prospects. Article 5
The School has set up the following units to be responsible for its respective affairs:1. Academic Affairs Division: responsible for recruitment, registration, curriculum, teaching material and equipment, admission and degree and other affairs related to education.2. Student Affairs Division: responsible for students’ psychological counseling, life guidance, healthcare, extra-curriculum, patriotic education, counseling service, military discipline and control, and military security, etc.3. General Affairs Division: responsible for documents, personnel, logistics, construction and other related affairs.4. Information and Library Center: responsible for the collection of education and research material and for providing information services.5. Comptroller Office: responsible for annual budget, accounting and statistic affairs.The School may report to and be approved by the Ministry of National Defense to adjust and reestablish other units for teaching and research requirements. Article 6
The School has set up Cadet Battalions and the School Service Company. Article 7
The School has set one Commandant whose position shall be Major General in charge of overall school affairs; one Executive Director and one Director for the Political Warfare Department whose positions shall be colonels to assist the Commandant in handling School affairs respectively. Article 8
The School has set up Directors and Deputy Directors for divisions, Battalion Commanders, Section Chiefs, Staff, Instructors, Chief Counselor, Company Commanders and Deputy Commanders, Military Medical Doctors, Platoon Leaders, and Group Leaders. Article 9
Teachers shall be appointed on a full-time basis, but under special circumstances, part-time teachers could be appointed. The employment of teachers defined above is subject to the Teachers’ Law. Article 10
The above-mentioned positions in the Regulations whose ranks and total numbers shall be regulated by another organization list. Article 11
The School shall establish various committees based on its need to comply with Senior High School Law. Article 12
Committees of various purposes can be organized for the needs of this School and the numbers of their staff are listed in other articles in the Regulations. Article 13
The School should not employ any staff after the amended regulations dated on June 11, 2007. The employed staff will be continuously employed until they leave their positions. Article 14
The Regulations will take effect on the date of their proclamation. 
