Chapter 1 GeneralArticle 1　 This detailed regulations depends on the 11th provision in Ministry of National Defense Bureau of the Controllerorganization regulation( call thisregulation as follows) to establish itArticle 2　 Department of Defence AccountantBureau( call this station as follows)manage clerical work, according to thestipulation of this details, this detailsdon't stipulator, apply the stipulationof other statutesArticle 3　 Department of Defence AccountantBureau( call this station as follows)manage clerical work, according to thestipulation of this details, this detailsdon't stipulator, apply the stipulationof other statutes. A this stationestablishes the units( call each unit asfollows), such as Policy PlanningDivisionPlanning Division, BudgetingDivision, Finance and General AccountingDivision, Internal Audit Division,Special Funds Division, StatisticsDivision, Data Processing Center andAccountant Office ...etc., ising incontrol of the example of present sectionand this details stipulation its relevantbusinesses respectively.Chapter 2 Each the job description ofunitArticle 4　 Policy Planning DivisionPlanningDivision is in control of the followingitems: Subparagraph 1the planning and studies of the armyaccountant system roll items. Subparagraph 2 the pit argument items of the armyaccountant organ, corps, unit, personnelcompilation cause. Subparagraph 3compile and conduct each organ of army,organ, unit organization compilationcause handles affairs the paragraph. Subparagraph 4the army accountant statute andcorrelation statute it grinds to do andcontrol the items.Subparagraph 5the army accountant grinds thedispensation and compile of test thebusinesses to handle affairs theparagraph. Subparagraph 6army accountant the personnel's trainingand training itemses. Subparagraph 7transact army accountant personnel'spersonnel administration and personnelduty items. Subparagraph 8this station administers thedeliberation items of the project.Subparagraph 9this station amid, the long distanceproject it draw up, the councilor,compile handles affairs the paragraph. Subparagraph 10this station military discipline invest,equips to raise the compile that set upto handle affairs the paragraph. Subparagraph 11this station accountant notification itpublishes the items. Subparagraph 12this station and diets contact thecooperativeness and 綜s of the businessto handle affairs the paragraph. Subparagraph 13the compile of this station put togatherbusiness handles affairs the paragraph.Subparagraph 14this the items of station householdmanagement. Subparagraph 15the dispensation and 綜s of this thebusiness of station Political Warfarehandle affairs the paragraph. Subparagraph 16this details stipulation table itconvokes and controls the items.Subparagraph 17other in reference to policies plan theitems.Article 5　 Budgeting Division is in control of thefollowing items:Subparagraph 1the department of defence budget organgradation it draws up, makes collectivereport the items. Subparagraph 2the army budget defrays expenses the serial number of unit to back -order( fix) to issue the items. Subparagraph 3the defence budget Executive Officer'soperations system, policy draw up and thecorrelation operations stipulation backs- order( fix) to issue the items.Subparagraph 4the department of defence head annualexpenditure reference frame demand itedits collected materials and makescollective report the items. Subparagraph 5the department of defence head calculatesthe limit to share all( prepare) andissues the items amid the distance budgetlimit pass. Subparagraph 6the department of defence headrevenue( pay) calculates to read and editthe whole sort items all( prepare). Subparagraph 7back to calculate the demandcooperativeness and read and edit theitems all( prepare) in addition to the spending.Subparagraph 8the national defense sub rosa book tableexposing key point backs - order( fix) toissue the items. Subparagraph 9the defence budget counsel interpellatethe take down, result, obiter result andspecial notes do to grind the section thesubmittal the items separately.Subparagraph 10the special budget it edits collectedmaterials, investigate, makes collectivereport the items. Subparagraph 11all the people defends the items oftransaction of the mobilization－finance and economics mobilization scheme business. Subparagraph 12the defence budget dispensation policy,sequence of operation draw up and thestatute backs - order( fix) to issue theitems. Subparagraph 13the department of defence headrevenue( pay), the distribution sheet ofmonth in special budget draw up and Chenreports the dispensation items. Subparagraph 14the repartition, dispensation, control,self-criticism, data of the defencebudget tender etc. whole sort items.Subparagraph 15the department of defence head revenuebudget redditus and appropriationbudgets expend the wipe off of the projectand carry the items. Subparagraph 16the department of defence head previousyear annual expenditure customary duescensorship shares and controls the items.Subparagraph 17the national defense annex( mitigation)the budget counsel, pass report andcarries the items.Subparagraph 18the first and No. 2 reserve funds use theitems of petitio. Subparagraph 19back in addition to the conferrablespending budget allocations anddispensation itemses.Subparagraph 20the wipe off of the army societyconferment and back - order( fix) to issuethe items. Subparagraph 21the spending economy measure deliberate,turns the report and carries the items.Subparagraph 22the wipe off and the items ofdispensation of the wartime budget.Subparagraph 23other items concerning annual budgets.Article 6　 Finance and General Accounting Divisionis in control of the following items: Subparagraph 1the items of put togather of the armyaccounting policy, system regulationgrinds to deal with affairs theparagraph. Subparagraph 2army financial administration, financeduty policy and correlation conduct ofbuiness items. Subparagraph 3the defense appropriations operationtreasury concentrates the defrayal puttogather cause transaction items.Subparagraph 4various system of accounts in commonpublic duty in army and very theoccurrence system of accounts it backs - order( fix) to issue, the design presentsthe pass and accounting report, actual budget etc. wipe off, analysis, operations, and the items of transactionof the correlation accountant rush hour. Subparagraph 5have something to do with auditdepartment, Directorate General ofBudget, Accounting & Statistics and other unitses the cooperativeness of the accountant rush hour contacts the items. Subparagraph 6 Legislative Yuan, Control Yuan Deliberates the items of cooperativeness of the army actual budget. Subparagraph 7the army repair and maintenance shop costing operations stipulation backs - order( fix) to issue, the items of transaction of the councilor and correlation rush hour.Subparagraph 8the army agency fund, funds held in custody handles to stipulate to back - order( fix) to issue and correlation conduct of buiness items. Subparagraph 9the army defrayal scrip bill of document operations stipulation backs - order( fix) to issue and the all levels unit receipt for goods examine the cooperativeness transaction items of the scope. Subparagraph 10the army all levels unit manages the sum deposit account control stipulation to back - order( fix) to issue and correlation conduct of buiness items. Subparagraph 11the army government troops dealing, various duty inflict to, fund or other conferrable compiles do the rush hour. Subparagraph 12inland, outside travel on official business, abroad continuing education, receive( warship) allowance etc. Directorate General of Budget, Accounting & Statistics to check and ratify to give the item to back - order( fix) to issue and the items of transaction of the correlation rush hour. Subparagraph 13the army foreign exchange finance policy and operations stipulations back - order( fix) to issue and the wipe off, analysis, operation of the foreign exchange finance statisticaltablesand reports and the items of transaction of the correlation rush hour.Subparagraph 14the report of revenue budget redditus pays the operations stipulation it to draw up and the revenue send back, and theitems of transaction of the correlationaccountant rush hour. Subparagraph 15handsel, warranty gold, bid bond, escortthe chatt gold, close to back the sequenceof operation to back - order( fix) toissue and correlation conduct of buinessitems. Subparagraph 16the army operations sustenance cost,student gets the training costingstipulation to back - order( fix) to issueand the statistical tables and reportsgrinds the 析 and the items of conduct ofbuinesses. Subparagraph 17Evaluate to hire the administrationValues correlation rush hour compileHandle a case transaction items. Subparagraph 18the accountant and accountable officershand over the substitution operationsstipulation it to back - order( fix) toissue and the items of transaction of thecorrelation rush hour. Subparagraph 19the testing and guidance itemses of thearmy all levels entity accountingoperations. Subparagraph 20other items concerning financialaccountings.Article 7　 Internal Audit Division is in control ofthe following items: Subparagraph 1the army internal check policy, systemand correlation statute it backs - order( fix) to issue the items. Subparagraph 2the planning, issue for enforcement andthe items of scrutinies of the armyinternal check sequence of operation.Subparagraph 3the planning, policy of the army yearinternal check task project issues andcarries the items. Subparagraph 4the army internal check business studiesthe development items.Subparagraph 5the army all levels unit dispensationinternal check situation operation 督test, the control and 復s check etc.business items.Subparagraph 6the 策 does the finance wipe off, wealthand properties wipe off and task wipe offitemses of the aat regular intervals andadeu.Subparagraph 7edit the internal check comprehensivereport, and adduce in a specific wayreform submittal items. Subparagraph 8manage the cash operation to have no thehatch a plot and dispensation itemses ofthe early warning testing to the army alllevels unit. Subparagraph 9help each unit development ego auditmechanism, the items of function of theexertive internal control.Subparagraph 10the government money defrayal time limitcontrol stipulation backs - order( fix)to issue, carry the 督 to test andexamine the items. Subparagraph 11transact the army all levels unit financeefficiency investigates the businessitems. Subparagraph 12the audit department wipe off notify thecompile of the items do, and controlitems.Subparagraph 13the army significance financeimperfection casus summary is whole and guidethe items. Subparagraph 14the army internal check dispensationresult report it edits collectedmaterials the items. Subparagraph 15the establishment, handing and stand upfor itemses of the army internal checkinformation bank.Subparagraph 16transact the temporality exemplary caseexamine and the accept a commissionexamines the items.Subparagraph 17other items concerning internal checks.Article 8　 Special Funds Division is in control ofthe following items: Subparagraph 1each special fund of army revenue andexpenditure keeping and operationresources investigate, back - order( fix)to issue and promote the items. Subparagraph 2each special fund of army financialadministration correlation operationsstipulation discuss and set up, thecompile does and promotes the items. Subparagraph 3each special fund of army system ofaccounts discuss and set up, the compiledo, Chen reports and promotes and theservice activety accounting rush houroperations stipulation discuss and set up, the compile does and promotes theitems. Subparagraph 4the army production and serviceoperations fund administrativecommittees and army productions andservice operations fund - serviceoperations collegiums organize the plaitthe 綜 do and various tableses convoke,the dispensation of the date processingand result items controls the items.Subparagraph 5each special fund of army operation plansthe censorship and service operationsesto conduct the policy of the policy,operation project to settle and the tests theitems. Subparagraph 6the service operations operation fundpays to stipulate for key point it andChen reports the items. Subparagraph 7each special fund of army internalcontrol plans the censorship and backs - order to issue, councilor anddispensation items.Subparagraph 8each special fund of army bankrollorchestrates the handing, adjusts theplanning of the degree and carries theitems.Subparagraph 9the planning, handing and dispensationitemses of the army production andservice operations fund temporaryinvestment financing. Subparagraph 10the subsidiary unit in each special fundof army year prepare, the actual budgetdraws up to attend meeting to account thevarious book table in month, quarterlyreports, the censorship that plan, editcollected materials and Chen reports theitems.Subparagraph 11each special fund of army accountantoperations councilor and the items ofevaluation of one's performances.Subparagraph 12the Directorate General of Budget,Accounting & Statistics, auditdepartment examines to the armyproduction and service operations fund operation businesses, thecooperativeness and 綜s of the callinghandle affairs the paragraph.Subparagraph 13Legislative Yuan deliberates thesubsidiary unit to prepare, the eachspecial fund of army in actual budget inreference to is queried thesummmary of thedata and legislator addressing inquiries with a view to answer data to handleaffairs the paragraph.Subparagraph 14the censorship and evaluation of one'sperformance itemses of the armyproduction and service operations fund - service each armed services of operationsemployer member working rule. Subparagraph 15the army produce and the 綜 of the unittax administration problem transactionthat service operations fund - serviceoperations belong to handles affairs theparagraph.Subparagraph 16the army produce and the unit that serviceoperations fund - service operationsbelong to it establish, closes upbusiness and abolishes etc. censorship and pits the pass the items.Subparagraph 17other items concerning special funds.Article 9　 Statistics Division is in control of thefollowing items: Subparagraph 1the planning of the army statisticsbusiness policy backs - order andpromotes and the operations stipulationit backs - order( fix) to issue the items. Subparagraph 2the national defense public dutystatistics plans amid the long distancedevelopment it discusses and set up andcarries the items. Subparagraph 3the national defense statistics businesstraining, councilor, evaluation of one'sperformance and studies roll, statisticsthe talented person grows the items.Subparagraph 4the army statistics operations handbookbacks - order( fix) to issue the items. Subparagraph 5the unification of the national defensestatistics subject, unit, group standardand encode and statistics scoperepartition scheme backs - order toissue, check and ratify the items. Subparagraph 6the national defense public dutystatistics scheme it draws up, backs - order to issue, carry and handle theitems.Subparagraph 7the national defense public dutystatistics statement program editcollected materials, change and back - order( fix) to issue the items.Subparagraph 8the national defense public duty statistics statement builds the report 稽 to urge, control, investigate andreceive the 蒐 whole revise the items. Subparagraph 9national defense statistics data libraryestablishment, training and the items ofhanding.Subparagraph 10the department of defence statisticsesthe survey to plan of draw up, carry andanalyse report it edit the items.Subparagraph 11the analytical report in each armedservices special subject edits the pit ofthe project to issue and test the items. Subparagraph 12the basic national power in polity surveydata censorship, compile pass andexemplary case analytical reports grindthe items .Subparagraph 13the periodicalof the volume ofdepartment of defence statistics dataweave and the items of submit forapproval.Subparagraph 14the army statistics en bloc report it editcollected materials, the submit forapproval and armed serviceses statisticsthe en bloc the censorship and pits of thereport to reply the items.Subparagraph 15accountant operation control monthlyreport and various significancesbusiness benchmark statistices grind todo, the 綜 is whole and the compile presents the items.Subparagraph 16each ministry of Administration Yuan andeach unit of this soldier statistics datademands draw up, edit collected materialsand tender the items. Subparagraph 17this station word processing operationsreleases the righteousness and tests the評 , official seal 典 to guard and thedocument book scheme maintain items. Subparagraph 18this station document coil weaves thetick, returns the coil, adjusts the coiland returns the coil and files to callaway etc. 綜 the reason the operationsitems.Subparagraph 19Other items concerning statisticses.Article 10 　 Data Processing Center is in control ofthe following items:Subparagraph 1the army accountant Information policyestablishes and instructs the items.Subparagraph 2accept the items that pass AdministrationYuan stipulates to the Informationoperations in reference to.Subparagraph 3the army accountant Informationoperations demand plans pass reportAdministration Yuan items. Subparagraph 4this the office automation of station,LAN etc. planning and promote the items.Subparagraph 5the army accountant Information businessdispensation result self-criticism andvisit the items. Subparagraph 6the army accountant data delivers thenetwork safety mechanism establishmentitems.Subparagraph 7the planning, development of the armyannual budget, accountant, statistics,finance etc. Information business,promote the items.Subparagraph 8army accountant Information thepersonnel chooses the planning, practicedirection items of the 訓 . Subparagraph 9the army accountant common Informationscheme build, integrates and promotes theitems. Subparagraph 10the army accountant internet resourceprograms and makes use of the items. Subparagraph 11other in reference to electronicseshandle the items of data.Article 11 　 Accountant Office is in control of thefollowing items:Subparagraph 1Executive Officer's items of this stationyear budget estimates, actual budget.Subparagraph 2this station annual budget shares andannex( mitigation) the budget it to transact items.Subparagraph 3Various budgets in this station defrayExpenses the wipe off visa items. Subparagraph 4the transaction and accounting report ofthis station cash accountant rush hour itedits newspaper the items. Subparagraph 5this station finance promotes theefficiency and subtracts the study andsubmittal itemses of the diseconomydefrayal up. Subparagraph 6other in reference tos this the annualbudget of station, accountant,statistics items.Chapter 3 Decentralization ofresponsibilityArticle 12 　 the Director-General handle the items isas follows:Subparagraph 1the practice direction and pit argumentitemses of various task policies. Subparagraph 2this station administration regulation,significance ordinance backs - order toissue, revise, the items of vouch of theabolishment.Subparagraph 3the dispensation of the higher authorityordinance and heading up the classsubmittal, instruct or report the items.Subparagraph 4the pit argument items of theadministration work program and annualbudget.Subparagraph 5the significance table it presides andattends items. Subparagraph 6the personnel it appoint, the submittaland vouch itemses of the evaluation ofone's performance, reward andpunishment. Subparagraph 7the command and operation itemses of theorgan that this station belong toSubparagraph 8 the items of transaction of othersignificance public dutiesArticle 13 　 the Deputy Director-General handle theitems is as follows: Subparagraph 1helps Director-General's councilor thisstation whole sort business items. Subparagraph 2sanction the wipe off and substitutionsof handle the causes are definitely theitems.Subparagraph 3administer the items of submittal of thetask project and annual budget. Subparagraph 4versus the cooperativeness and contactitemses of the business of organ thathigher authority and this stations belongto.Subparagraph 5the Director-General hands over to handleaffairs the paragraph.Article 14 　 Each unit of lordtube, accept the life of theabove superior in DeputyDirector-General, transact each theitems of unit, it belong to handle affairs the personnel, accept each said unit lord官 ( tube) its life, transactespectively each unit knows the rushhour.Article 15 　 this station sanction each unittransaction items scope is as follows:Subparagraph 1the common cause turns the organ that hongbelong to know to shine on the items.Subparagraph 2need the handle a case piece it and shouldmake to urge to do, urge the report andurge to check or urge to deliver theitems. Subparagraph 3the collection items of the in referenceto statute and data. Subparagraph 4each organ comes to text occurrence doubtor procedures to be unsuited to or leakto send the proviso, shoulding please tostate or the revamp handles affairs theparagraph.Subparagraph 5convoke the notice of the table, its tableneeds not the above superior in DeputyDirector-General personally presideitems.Subparagraph 6ask for leave to this the personnel ofunit, in the items of vouch in the scopeof authority. Subparagraph 7routine file for reference cause items.Subparagraph 8every kind of accountant public dutystatistics reports the wipe off of thetable, edits collected materials andsurvey report items.Article 16 　 Each unit head is in its scope ofauthority, in addition to thinking thatfact of legal case significance or conditions are special to instruct thenecessity, getting the axiom of thisbusiness transaction decentralization ofresponsibility table investiture,contract for job the draft of station to issue in advance, and the weekly willtransact the situation compile rowsimplified statement reports the abovesuperior in vice- bureau chief toexamine.Article 17 　 This station handle the business enforceDecentralization of responsibilitySystem, gradually the class sanctions todecide, its each organ power belong todivide the line items and this each unitof station businesses handledecentralization of responsibility tableanother settle it.Chapter 4 MeetingArticle 18 　 Army accountant head business symposiumtwo months hold once each time, presidingby the bureau chief, the each a class unitaccountant head in vice- bureau chief,each unit head of this station, armyattend, have to notify when it'snecessary other in reference topersonnels is present.Article 19 　 This station business (businesslike)Meeting(rush hour table) will report theper to require adeu solemnization,preside by the Director-General, theDeputy Director-General, each unit headof this station, vice- head and nominatepersonnels attend, have to notify whenit's necessary other in reference to thepersonnel is presentArticle 20 　 Each unit transaction public duty, ifinvolve the business of other organs,have to invite the appropriate bodyappointment member session deliberationwhen it's necessaryArticle 21 　 The table of each unit call, and otherunits or organ in reference to, shouldsend separately it after examining theChen's head above superior in the minutes.This station attend the personnel ofother organses call table, shouldinstruct the axiom in advance, after thefact will the argument situation lotreport.Chapter 5 SubsidiaryArticle 22 　 this the word processing of station,finance and household managements alltransact according to the correlationstatute.Article 23 　 this station invites the stipulation andprocedures of the adviser another tosettle it.Article 24 　 This office planning commences implementafter announce day.
