Article 1
These Regulations are enacted pursuant to Article 19 of the Veterans Assistance Act (hereinafter referred to as "the Act"). Article 2
The veterans referred to in these Regulations mean the veterans as prescribed in Article 2 of the Act. Article 3
Educational assistance and subsidies as prescribed in these Regulations include the following categories:1. Assistance for tuition and miscellaneous expenses for study in domestic public or registered private colleges, universities (including day schools, advanced study schools and institutes), or graduate schools.2. Assistance for tuition and miscellaneous expenses for study in graduate schools of foreign universities that satisfy the Regulations Regarding the Assessment and Recognition of Foreign Academic Credentials for Institutions of Higher Education.3. Subsidies for excellent performance for veterans who study in domestic public or registered private colleges or higher with an average semester grade over eighty points. Article 4
To apply for the educational assistance or subsidies referred to in the above article, applicants shall submit an application form together with the proof of military service, as well as a formal school registration transcript, to the Veterans Affairs Council,（hereinafter referred to as “the Council”）.In addition, applicants shall submit a career personality aptitude assessment, employment-oriented study plan & employment-related document as the evidence materials for the assistance or subsidies referred to in the above article and for the employment assistance. Article 5
The identification documents, as well as the formal student identificationmentioned in the above article include the following:1. To apply for tuition assistance and miscellaneous expenses:（1）Domestic study: Original copy of the payment receipt, a photo copy of the student's identification card and a certificate produced by the school to prove that “the applicant has not received (applied for) other student grants from the school” shall also be enclosed.（2）Overseas study: a photo copy of a valid passport and student visa, a certificate proving that the applicant is studying in the school, and a payment receipt.2. To apply for the subsidies for excellent performance in domestic schools: a school report card proving that the applicant has an average score of 80 points or higher, having passed all the studied courses, and received Grade B or a higher grade in conduct in the previous term, as well as a photo copy of the student's identification card. Article 6
Applicants who are not addressed in accordance with the regulation of Article 4, Paragraph 1, shall be notified to make supplement within a specified period of time or else the case will be rejected. Qualified applicants will award the educational assistance or subsidies while the disqualified applications will be dismissed. Article 7
An application for educational assistance or subsidies shall be submitted within the time limit prescribed below; otherwise, it will be rejected:1. Assistance for tuition and miscellaneous expenses and subsidies for excellent performance for domestic study: among the study years determined by the Ministry of Education, an applicant may apply for the assistance or subsidies twice for each academic year. The applications must be submitted between September 1 to October 31 in the first term, and between February 1 to March 31 in the second term.2. Assistance for tuition and miscellaneous expenses for overseas study: the application must be submitted within two months after the applicant has actually enrolled in the school. Article 8
Educational assistance and subsidies shall be granted in the sequence of the following four levels: college, university, master class, and doctoral class. An applicant who has received assistance or subsidies at a higher level may not apply for assistance or subsidies at a lower level, or at the same level from the school. Article 9
Restrictions regarding applying for educational assistance and subsidies are as follows:1. Those veterans who found employment with the help of the Council or home-cared by the Council shall not qualify for educational assistance.2. Those military pensioners who meet all the applying rules shall be granted fifty per cent of the amount pursuant to paragraph 1 of article 10 of this Act.3. No assistance or subsidies will be offered for those applicants who study in the domestic or foreign open university, open colleges, short term training, correspondence classes, postdoctoral study, domestic summer class, Taiwan branches of foreign school, or school in China.4. No subsidies will be offered for those applicants who have applied for preferential educational treatment or subsidies in the same nature provided by the government.5. Applicants who have applied for other forms of educational assistance provided by the Council are disqualified.6. No assistance or subsidies will be offered for attending terms repeated.7. No assistance or subsidies will be offered for postponed graduation.8. No assistance or subsidies will be offered if the applicant is foundto have provided false data, or applied repeatedly.9. If an applicant is studying in two or more schools at the sametime, he/she may only choose one to apply for educational assistance and subsidies. Article 10
The amounts of the assistance and subsidies prescribed in these Regulations shall be determined and announced by the Council.In the event that the tuition and miscellaneous expenses are less than the assistance amount referred to in the preceding paragraph, the assistance will be the actual amount paid to the institution. Where there is a condition as set forth in paragraph 2 of the preceding article applied, the assistance will be half of the tuition and miscellaneous expenses paid. Article 11
These Regulations shall become effective as of the date of promulgation. 
