Article 1
The Air Force Command Headquarters (hereafter referred to as HQ) of MNDis established to administer overall air force affairs. Article 2
The HQ has the authority over the following affairs:1. Planning, supervision, and implementation of political warfare.2. Planning, supervision, and implementation of inspection, medical care, land legal affairs.3. Planning, supervision, and implementation of personnel management and education.4. Planning, and supervision of combat readiness, troops training, and military intelligence distribution and employment.5. Coordination, control and supervision of logistical affairs, andplanning, supervision, and implementation of military materiel management and special logistical readiness.6. Planning and supervision of force plan and weapon systems.7. Planning and supervision of communications, electronics & information.8. Planning and supervision of administrative and history and translation affairs.9.Planning, supervision and implementation of other related affairs. Article 3
In order to meet the requirements for carrying out air operations and establishing combat readiness, the HQ may establish command, training, professional, implementing, supporting, and R&D institutions as well as combat troops. This shall be illustrated on the table of organization. Article 4
The HQ has one Commander with the rank of General, two Deputy Commanders and one Chiefs of staff, all with the rank of Lieutenant General. Article 5
The detailed description of the rank and various positional titles at the HQ should be illustrated on the table of organization. Article 6
This HQ may, based on practical requirement,hire civilian employees. The recruitment of civilian employees has been suspended after the amendment of the organizational regulations of the HQ on 15 January 2006. The incumbent civilian employees will continue their employment until their resignation. Article 7
The regulations are to be put into practice on the date of its promulgation. 
