Article 1
This Regulation is enacted in accordance with Paragraph 1 of Article 10 of the Organization Act of the Ministry of National Defense（MND）. Article 2
The Military Police Command of MND (hereinafter referred to as MPC) administers overall military police affairs and takes responsibility for commanding and supervising its subordinate command and field units. Article 3
The MPC has authorities over the following affairs:1. Planning, supervision, and implementation of political warfare affaires.2. Planning, supervision, and implementation of Inspectoral and Legal affaires.3. Planning, supervision, and implementation of personnel management, education, historic management and general administrations.4. Planning, supervision, and implementation of military police intelligence operation and criminal investigation.5. Planning, supervision, and implementation of combat, garrison, mobilization and training.6. Planning, supervision, and implementation of logistic.7. Planning, supervision, and implementation of communication and information.8. Planning and supervision of military force establishment, both policies and developments.9. Planning and supervision of budget, accounting, and statistics.10. Planning, supervision, and implementationof other affaire . Article 4
The MPC has several units, including Political Director General's Office, Inspector General's Office, Personnel and General Affairs Division, Intelligence Division, Operations Division, Logistics Division, Communications and information Division,Planning Division, and Comptroller Division. These units are responsible for the affairs listed above andmay be established according to their functions and requirements.Within the stipulated personnel quota of this regulation, the MND may based in military requirements, add or reduce the above units or establish other units. Article 5
In order to meet the requirements of military police operations and force buildup, the MPC may establish command, training, professional, implementing, supporting, and R & D units as well as combat troops. The organization of the aforementioned units should be stipulated by a table of organization and equipment. Article 6
The MPC has one Commanding General and one Deputy Commanding General, whose ranks are both Lieutenant General. Article 7
The MPC places the Chief of Staff, Political Warfare Director, Inspector-General, Vice Chief of Staff, Deputy Political Warfare Director, Director, Deputy Inspector-General, Deputy Director , Chief, Chief Aide-de-Camp, Director, Deputy Chief, staff, Deputy Director. Article 8
The grades and quota of various titles at this regulation should be stipulated by another organization table. Article 9
The detailed description of the authority and responsibilities of various levels at this regulation should be stipulated by another table. Article 10
The MPC may, based on its requirements, hire 5-7 advisers and civilian employees. Article 11
This Regulation in additional to be amended and promulgated onDec.30, 2000 and should be put into force from the date of March 1,2002; the amended articleswill be put into practice from the promulgation date. 
