Article 1
The Army Uniforms are based on this Act . Article 2
Army Officers , Trainees , Students , Non Commissioned Officers , Enlisted Soldiers,should wear uniforms as required in this Act,and should also wear the required badge ( symbol ) . Article 3
There are four kinds of Army Uniformsas follows :1 -Ceremonial Uniform .2 -Gala Uniform .3 -Daily Uniform .4 -Ordinary Uniform . Article 4
The Ceremonial Uniform is worn on the following occasions : 1-Attending a grand ceremony of our own andforeigncountrirsor day time banquet .2-To call on the President or Head of State of our Allies .3-Formal visit or Repaying visit to a high ranking officials of our Allies .4-Attending all kinds of Military Occasion or other Ceremonies . Article 5
Wearing the Gala Uniformon the following occasions :1-Attending a Grand Evening Banquet inour country .2-Accompanying the President to attend an Evening Banquet .3-Attending an International Evening Banquet . Article 6
Wearing the Daily Uniformon the following occasions :1- Accompanying the President on a field trip .2- Ordinary working days or outing .3- Attending all kinds of meeting . Article 7
Wearing the Ordinary Uniformon the following occasions :1-Ordinary working days or outing .2-No operating inside the camp .3-Patroling the battle field . Article 8
If the Ceremonial Uniform or the Gala Uniform is not ready, it can be replaced with the Daily Uniform . Article 9
The Ceremonial Uniform and the Gala Uniform are only suitable for Officers of Second Lieutenant or above ; The Daily Uniform and the Ordinary Uniform are suitable for all the Army Officers , Non Commissioned Officers , Enlisted Soldiers and Students . Article 10
The Army Trainees wear all kinds of uniforms according to their original rank . During their training period what kind of special badge wear is determined by the Ministry of National Defense . Article 11
The Army Uniform Style and the required Badge ( Symbol ) are based on the Attached Drawings -1 ~ 7 of this Act( Reference : Page-5475-5491 of May Issue (9) , 1994 of decrees of the Republic of China's Existing Law . Article 12
The Uniforms for the Honoring Guard, Band of the Army,all kinds of working uniforms and other special uniforms and badge ( symbol ) that are not specified in this Act are determined by the Ministry of National Defense according to their needs . Article 13
Those awardung with Decorations , Medals , should wear as required . Article 14
The seasonal uniforms changing time is regulated by the Ministry of National Defense . Article 15
The Army personnel being assigned to serve in the Navy , Air Force , or vise a versa , their uniforms required are according to the Uniforms Act of their original military branch . Article 16
When the Reserved Military Men of the Army attend a grand ceremony , they are suitable to use the uniform as per requirements stipulated in this Regulation . Article 17
The Enforcement Date of this Act will be as ordered . 
