1After this, David subdued and humbled the Philistines by conquering Gath and its surrounding towns.  2David also conquered the land of Moab, and the Moabites became David's subjects and brought him tribute money.3Then David destroyed the forces of King Hadadezer of Zobah, as far as Hamath,[a] when Hadadezer marched out to strengthen his control along the Euphrates River.  4David captured one thousand chariots, seven thousand charioteers, and twenty thousand foot soldiers. Then he crippled all but one hundred of the chariot horses.5When Arameans from Damascus arrived to help Hadadezer, David killed twenty-two thousand of them. 6Then he placed several army garrisons in Damascus, the Aramean capital, and the Arameans became David's subjects and brought him tribute money. So the LORD gave David victory wherever he went.  7David brought the gold shields of Hadadezer's officers to Jerusalem,  8along with a large amount of bronze from Hadadezer's cities of Tebah[b] and Cun. Later Solomon melted the bronze and used it for the Temple. He molded it into the bronze Sea, the pillars, and the various bronze utensils used at the Temple.9When King Toi[c] of Hamath heard that David had destroyed the army of King Hadadezer of Zobah,  10he sent his son Joram[d] to congratulate David on his success. Hadadezer and Toi had long been enemies, and there had been many wars between them. Joram presented David with many gifts of gold, silver, and bronze.  11King David dedicated all these gifts to the LORD, along with the silver and gold he had taken from the other nations he had subdued--Edom, Moab, Ammon, Philistia, and Amalek.12Abishai son of Zeruiah destroyed eighteen thousand Edomites in the Valley of Salt.  13He placed army garrisons throughout Edom, and all the Edomites became David's subjects. This was another example of how the LORD made David victorious wherever he went.14David reigned over all Israel and was fair to everyone.  15Joab son of Zeruiah was commander of the army. Jehoshaphat son of Ahilud was the royal historian.  16Zadok son of Ahitub and Ahimelech[e] son of Abiathar were the priests. Seraiah[f] was the court secretary.  17Benaiah son of Jehoiada was captain of the king's bodyguard.[g] David's sons served as the king's chief assistants.