1 The sons of Levi were Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.2The descendants of Kohath included Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel.3The children of Amram were Aaron, Moses, and Miriam. The sons of Aaron were Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.4 Eleazar was the father of Phinehas. Phinehas was the father of Abishua.5 Abishua was the father of Bukki. Bukki was the father of Uzzi.6 Uzzi was the father of Zerahiah. Zerahiah was the father of Meraioth.7 Meraioth was the father of Amariah. Amariah was the father of Ahitub.8 Ahitub was the father of Zadok. Zadok was the father of Ahimaaz.9 Ahimaaz was the father of Azariah. Azariah was the father of Johanan.10 Johanan was the father of Azariah, the high priest at the Temple built by Solomon in Jerusalem.11 Azariah was the father of Amariah. Amariah was the father of Ahitub.12 Ahitub was the father of Zadok. Zadok was the father of Shallum.13 Shallum was the father of Hilkiah. Hilkiah was the father of Azariah.14 Azariah was the father of Seraiah. Seraiah was the father of Jehozadak,  15who went into exile when the LORD sent the people of Judah and Jerusalem into captivity under Nebuchadnezzar.16The sons of Levi were Gershon,[a] Kohath, and Merari.17The descendants of Gershon included Libni and Shimei.18The descendants of Kohath included Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel.19The descendants of Merari included Mahli and Mushi. The following were the Levite clans, listed according to their ancestral descent:20The descendants of Gershon included Libni, Jahath, Zimmah,  21Joah, Iddo, Zerah, and Jeatherai.22The descendants of Kohath included Amminadab, Korah, Assir,  23Elkanah, Abiasaph,[b] Assir,  24Tahath, Uriel, Uzziah, and Shaul.25The descendants of Elkanah included Amasai, Ahimoth,  26Elkanah, Zophai, Nahath,  27Eliab, Jeroham, Elkanah, and Samuel.[c]28The sons of Samuel were Joel[d] (the older) and Abijah (the second).29The descendants of Merari included Mahli, Libni, Shimei, Uzzah,  30Shimea, Haggiah, and Asaiah.31David assigned the following men to lead the music at the house of the LORD after he put the Ark there. 32They ministered with music there at the Tabernacle[e] until Solomon built the Temple of the LORD in Jerusalem. Then they carried on their work there, following all the regulations handed down to them.  33These are the men who served, along with their sons: Heman the musician was from the clan of Kohath. His genealogy was traced back through Joel, Samuel, 34Elkanah, Jeroham, Eliel, Toah,  35Zuph, Elkanah, Mahath, Amasai,  36Elkanah, Joel, Azariah, Zephaniah, 37Tahath, Assir, Abiasaph, Korah,  38Izhar, Kohath, Levi, and Israel.[f]39Heman's first assistant was Asaph from the clan of Gershon.[g] Asaph's genealogy was traced back through Berekiah, Shimea,  40Michael, Baaseiah, Malkijah,  41Ethni, Zerah, Adaiah,  42Ethan, Zimmah, Shimei, 43Jahath, Gershon, and Levi.44Heman's second assistant was Ethan from the clan of Merari. Ethan's genealogy was traced back through Kishi, Abdi, Malluch,  45Hashabiah, Amaziah, Hilkiah,  46Amzi, Bani, Shemer,  47Mahli, Mushi, Merari, and Levi.48Their relatives, also Levites, were appointed to various other tasks in the Tabernacle, the house of God.49Only Aaron and his descendants served as priests. They presented the offerings on the altar of burnt offering and the altar of incense, and they performed all the other duties related to the Most Holy Place. They made atonement for Israel by following all the commands that Moses, the servant of God, had given them.50The descendants of Aaron were Eleazar, Phinehas, Abishua,  51Bukki, Uzzi, Zerahiah,  52Meraioth, Amariah, Ahitub,  53Zadok, and Ahimaaz.54This is a record of the towns and territory assigned by means of sacred lots to the descendants of Aaron who were from the clan of Kohath.  55This included Hebron and its surrounding pasturelands in Judah,  56but the fields and outlying areas were given to Caleb son of Jephunneh.  57So the descendants of Aaron were given the following towns, each with its surrounding pasturelands: Hebron (a city of refuge), Libnah, Jattir, Eshtemoa,  58Holon,[h] Debir,  59Ain,[i] Juttah,[j] and Beth-shemesh.  60And from the territory of Benjamin they were given Gibeon,[k] Geba, Alemeth, and Anathoth, each with its pasturelands. So a total of thirteen towns was given to the descendants of Aaron.  61The remaining descendants of Kohath received ten towns from the territory of the half-tribe of Manasseh by means of sacred lots.62The descendants of Gershon received by sacred lots thirteen towns from the territories of Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, and from the Bashan area of Manasseh, east of the Jordan.63The descendants of Merari received by sacred lots twelve towns from the territories of Reuben, Gad, and Zebulun.64So the people of Israel assigned all these towns and pasturelands to the Levites.  65The towns in the territories of Judah, Simeon, and Benjamin, mentioned above, were also assigned by means of sacred lots.66The descendants of Kohath received from the territory of Ephraim these towns, each with its surrounding pasturelands:  67Shechem (a city of refuge in the hill country of Ephraim), Gezer,  68Jokmeam, Beth-horon,  69Aijalon, and Gath-rimmon.  70The remaining descendants of Kohath were assigned these towns from the territory of the half-tribe of Manasseh: Aner and Bileam, each with its pasturelands.71The descendants of Gershon received from the territory of the half-tribe of Manasseh the town of Golan in Bashan with its pasturelands and Ashtaroth with its pasturelands.  72From the territory of Issachar, they were given Kedesh, Daberath,  73Ramoth, and Anem, with their pasturelands.  74From the territory of Asher, they received Mashal, Abdon,  75Hukok, and Rehob, each with its pasturelands.  76From the territory of Naphtali, they were given Kedesh in Galilee, Hammon, and Kiriathaim, each with its pasturelands.77The remaining descendants of Merari received from the territory of Zebulun the towns of Jokneam, Kartah,[l] Rimmono, and Tabor, each with its pasturelands.  78From the territory of Reuben, east of the Jordan River opposite Jericho, they received Bezer (a desert town), Jahaz,[m]  79Kedemoth, and Mephaath, each with its pasturelands.  80And from the territory of Gad, they received Ramoth in Gilead, Mahanaim, 
81Heshbon, and Jazer, each with its pasturelands.