1 The sons of Benjamin, in order of age, included Bela (the oldest), Ashbel, Aharah,  2Nohah, and Rapha.3The sons of Bela were Addar, Gera, Abihud,[a]  4Abishua, Naaman, Ahoah,  5Gera, Shephuphan, and Huram.6The sons of Ehud, leaders of the clans living at Geba, were driven out and moved to Manahath.  7Ehud's sons were Naaman, Ahijah, and Gera. Gera, the father of Uzza and Ahihud, led them when they moved.8After Shaharaim divorced his wives Hushim and Baara, he had children in the land of Moab.  9Hodesh, his new wife, gave birth to Jobab, Zibia, Mesha, Malcam,  10Jeuz, Sakia, and Mirmah. These sons all became the leaders of clans.11Shaharaim's wife Hushim had already given birth to Abitub and Elpaal.  12The sons of Elpaal were Eber, Misham, Shemed (who built Ono and Lod and their villages),  13Beriah, and Shema. They were the leaders of the clans living in Aijalon, and they drove out the inhabitants of Gath.14Ahio, Shashak, Jeremoth,  15Zebadiah, Arad, Eder,  16Michael, Ishpah, and Joha were the sons of Beriah.17Zebadiah, Meshullam, Hizki, Heber,  18Ishmerai, Izliah, and Jobab were the sons of Elpaal.19Jakim, Zicri, Zabdi,  20Elienai, Zillethai, Eliel,  21Adaiah, Beraiah, and Shimrath were the sons of Shimei.22Ishpan, Eber, Eliel,  23Abdon, Zicri, Hanan,  24Hananiah, Elam, Anthothijah,  25Iphdeiah, and Penuel were the sons of Shashak.26Shamsherai, Shehariah, Athaliah,  27Jaareshiah, Elijah, and Zicri were the sons of Jeroham.28These were the leaders of the ancestral clans, and they were listed in their tribal genealogy. They all lived in Jerusalem.29Jeiel[b] (the father of[c] Gibeon) lived in Gibeon. His wife's name was Maacah,  30and his oldest son was named Abdon. Jeiel's other sons were Zur, Kish, Baal, Ner,[d] Nadab,  31Gedor, Ahio, Zechariah,[e]  32and Mikloth, who was the father of Shimeam.[f] All these families lived near each other in Jerusalem.33Ner was the father of Kish. Kish was the father of Saul. Saul was the father of Jonathan, Malkishua, Abinadab, and Eshbaal.34Jonathan was the father of Meribbaal. Meribbaal was the father of Micah.  35Micah was the father of Pithon, Melech, Tahrea,[g] and Ahaz.36 Ahaz was the father of Jadah.[h] Jadah was the father of Alemeth, Azmaveth, and Zimri. Zimri was the father of Moza.37 Moza was the father of Binea. Binea was the father of Rephaiah.[i] Rephaiah was the father of Eleasah. Eleasah was the father of Azel.38Azel had six sons: Azrikam, Bokeru, Ishmael, Sheariah, Obadiah, and Hanan. These were the sons of Azel.39Azel's brother Eshek had three sons: Ulam (the oldest), Jeush (the second), and Eliphelet (the third). 40The sons of Ulam were all skilled warriors and expert archers. They had many sons and grandsons--150 in all. All these were descendants of Benjamin.