[Duties of the Musicians] 1 David and the army commanders then appointed men from the families of Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun to proclaim God's messages to the accompaniment of lyres, harps, and cymbals. Here is a list of their names and their work:2 From the sons of Asaph, there were Zaccur, Joseph, Nethaniah, and Asarelah. They worked under the direction of their father, Asaph, who proclaimed God's messages by the king's orders.3 From the sons of Jeduthun, there were Gedaliah, Zeri, Jeshaiah, Shimei,* Hashabiah, and Mattithiah, six in all. They worked under the direction of their father, Jeduthun, who proclaimed God's messages to the accompaniment of the lyre, offering thanks and praise to the Lord .4 From the sons of Heman, there were Bukkiah, Mattaniah, Uzziel, Shubael,* Jerimoth, Hananiah, Hanani, Eliathah, Giddalti, Romamti-ezer, Joshbekashah, Mallothi, Hothir, and Mahazioth. 5 All these were the sons of Heman, the king's seer, for God had honored him with fourteen sons and three daughters.6 All these men were under the direction of their fathers as they made music at the house of the Lord . Their responsibilities included the playing of cymbals, harps, and lyres at the house of God. Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman reported directly to the king. 7 They and their families were all trained in making music before the Lord , and each of them-288 in all-was an accomplished musician. 8 The musicians were appointed to their term of service by means of sacred lots, without regard to whether they were young or old, teacher or student.9 The first lot fell to Joseph of the Asaph clan and twelve of his sons and relatives.*The second lot fell to Gedaliah and twelve of his sons and relatives.10 The third lot fell to Zaccur and twelve of his sons and relatives.11 The fourth lot fell to Zeri* and twelve of his sons and relatives.12 The fifth lot fell to Nethaniah and twelve of his sons and relatives.13 The sixth lot fell to Bukkiah and twelve of his sons and relatives.14 The seventh lot fell to Asarelah* and twelve of his sons and relatives.15 The eighth lot fell to Jeshaiah and twelve of his sons and relatives.16 The ninth lot fell to Mattaniah and twelve of his sons and relatives.17 The tenth lot fell to Shimei and twelve of his sons and relatives.18 The eleventh lot fell to Uzziel* and twelve of his sons and relatives.19 The twelfth lot fell to Hashabiah and twelve of his sons and relatives.20 The thirteenth lot fell to Shubael and twelve of his sons and relatives.21 The fourteenth lot fell to Mattithiah and twelve of his sons and relatives.22 The fifteenth lot fell to Jerimoth* and twelve of his sons and relatives.23 The sixteenth lot fell to Hananiah and twelve of his sons and relatives.24 The seventeenth lot fell to Joshbekashah* and twelve of his sons and relatives.25 The eighteenth lot fell to Hanani and twelve of his sons and relatives.26 The nineteenth lot fell to Mallothi and twelve of his sons and relatives.27 The twentieth lot fell to Eliathah and twelve of his sons and relatives.28 The twenty-first lot fell to Hothir and twelve of his sons and relatives.29 The twenty-second lot fell to Giddalti and twelve of his sons and relatives.30 The twenty-third lot fell to Mahazioth and twelve of his sons and relatives.31 The twenty-fourth lot fell to Romamti-ezer and twelve of his sons and relatives.       Footnotes: 25:3 As in one Hebrew manuscript and some Greek manuscripts (see also 25:17); most Hebrew manuscripts lack Shimei.   25:4 Hebrew Shebuel, a variant spelling of Shubael; compare 25:20.   25:9 As in Greek version; Hebrew lacks and twelve of his sons and relatives.   25:11 Hebrew Izri, a variant spelling of Zeri; compare 25:3.   25:14 Hebrew Jesarelah, a variant spelling of Asarelah; compare 25:2.   25:18 Hebrew Azarel, a variant spelling of Uzziel; compare 25:4.   25:22 Hebrew Jeremoth, a variant spelling of Jerimoth; compare 25:4.   25:24 Hebrew Joshbekasha, a variant spelling of Joshbekashah; compare 25:4.  
