[Forbidden Sexual Practices] 1 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 2 "Give the following instructions to the people of Israel. I am the Lord  your God. 3 So do not act like the people in Egypt, where you used to live, or like the people of Canaan, where I am taking you. You must not imitate their way of life. 4 You must obey all my regulations and be careful to obey my decrees, for I am the Lord  your God. 5 If you obey my decrees and my regulations, you will find life through them. I am the Lord .6 "You must never have sexual relations with a close relative, for I am the Lord .7 "Do not violate your father by having sexual relations with your mother. She is your mother; you must not have sexual relations with her.8 "Do not have sexual relations with any of your father's wives, for this would violate your father.9 "Do not have sexual relations with your sister or half sister, whether she is your father's daughter or your mother's daughter, whether she was born into your household or someone else's.10 "Do not have sexual relations with your granddaughter, whether she is your son's daughter or your daughter's daughter, for this would violate yourself.11 "Do not have sexual relations with your stepsister, the daughter of any of your father's wives, for she is your sister.12 "Do not have sexual relations with your father's sister, for she is your father's close relative.13 "Do not have sexual relations with your mother's sister, for she is your mother's close relative.14 "Do not violate your uncle, your father's brother, by having sexual relations with his wife, for she is your aunt.15 "Do not have sexual relations with your daughter-in-law; she is your son's wife, so you must not have sexual relations with her.16 "Do not have sexual relations with your brother's wife, for this would violate your brother.17 "Do not have sexual relations with both a woman and her daughter. And do not take[a] her granddaughter, whether her son's daughter or her daughter's daughter, and have sexual relations with her. They are close relatives, and this would be a wicked act.18 "While your wife is living, do not marry her sister and have sexual relations with her, for they would be rivals.19 "Do not have sexual relations with a woman during her period of menstrual impurity.20 "Do not defile yourself by having sexual intercourse with your neighbor's wife.21 "Do not permit any of your children to be offered as a sacrifice to Molech, for you must not bring shame on the name of your God. I am the Lord .22 "Do not practice homosexuality, having sex with another man as with a woman. It is a detestable sin.23 "A man must not defile himself by having sex with an animal. And a woman must not offer herself to a male animal to have intercourse with it. This is a perverse act.24 "Do not defile yourselves in any of these ways, for the people I am driving out before you have defiled themselves in all these ways. 25 Because the entire land has become defiled, I am punishing the people who live there. I will cause the land to vomit them out. 26 You must obey all my decrees and regulations. You must not commit any of these detestable sins. This applies both to native-born Israelites and to the foreigners living among you.27 "All these detestable activities are practiced by the people of the land where I am taking you, and this is how the land has become defiled. 28 So do not defile the land and give it a reason to vomit you out, as it will vomit out the people who live there now. 29 Whoever commits any of these detestable sins will be cut off from the community of Israel. 30 So obey my instructions, and do not defile yourselves by committing any of these detestable practices that were committed by the people who lived in the land before you. I am the Lord  your God."       Footnotes:a.   18:17 Or do not marry.  
