[Pure Oil and Holy Bread] 1 The Lord  said to Moses, 2 "Command the people of Israel to bring you pure oil of pressed olives for the light, to keep the lamps burning continually. 3 This is the lampstand that stands in the Tabernacle, in front of the inner curtain that shields the Ark of the Covenant.* Aaron must keep the lamps burning in the Lord 's presence all night. This is a permanent law for you, and it must be observed from generation to generation. 4 Aaron and the priests must tend the lamps on the pure gold lampstand continually in the Lord 's presence.5 "You must bake twelve flat loaves of bread from choice flour, using four quarts* of flour for each loaf. 6 Place the bread before the Lord  on the pure gold table, and arrange the loaves in two stacks, with six loaves in each stack. 7 Put some pure frankincense near each stack to serve as a representative offering, a special gift presented to the Lord . 8 Every Sabbath day this bread must be laid out before the Lord  as a gift from the Israelites; it is an ongoing expression of the eternal covenant. 9 The loaves of bread will belong to Aaron and his descendants, who must eat them in a sacred place, for they are most holy. It is the permanent right of the priests to claim this portion of the special gifts presented to the Lord ." [An Example of Just Punishment] 10 One day a man who had an Israelite mother and an Egyptian father came out of his tent and got into a fight with one of the Israelite men. 11 During the fight, this son of an Israelite woman blasphemed the Name of the Lord* with a curse. So the man was brought to Moses for judgment. His mother was Shelomith, the daughter of Dibri of the tribe of Dan. 12 They kept the man in custody until the Lord 's will in the matter should become clear to them.13 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 14 "Take the blasphemer outside the camp, and tell all those who heard the curse to lay their hands on his head. Then let the entire community stone him to death. 15 Say to the people of Israel: Those who curse their God will be punished for their sin. 16 Anyone who blasphemes the Name of the Lord  must be stoned to death by the whole community of Israel. Any native-born Israelite or foreigner among you who blasphemes the Name of the Lord  must be put to death.17 "Anyone who takes another person's life must be put to death.18 "Anyone who kills another person's animal must pay for it in full-a live animal for the animal that was killed.19 "Anyone who injures another person must be dealt with according to the injury inflicted-20 a fracture for a fracture, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Whatever anyone does to injure another person must be paid back in kind.21 "Whoever kills an animal must pay for it in full, but whoever kills another person must be put to death.22 "This same standard applies both to native-born Israelites and to the foreigners living among you. I am the Lord  your God."23 After Moses gave all these instructions to the Israelites, they took the blasphemer outside the camp and stoned him to death. The Israelites did just as the Lord  had commanded Moses.       Footnotes: 24:3 Hebrew in the Tent of Meeting, outside the inner curtain of the Testimony; see note on 16:13.   24:5 Hebrew 2 10 of an ephah [4.4 liters].   24:11 Hebrew the Name; also in 24:16b.  
