[Sins Requiring a Sin Offering] 1 "If you are called to testify about something you have seen or that you know about, it is sinful to refuse to testify, and you will be punished for your sin.2 "Or suppose you unknowingly touch something that is ceremonially unclean, such as the carcass of an unclean animal. When you realize what you have done, you must admit your defilement and your guilt. This is true whether it is a wild animal, a domestic animal, or an animal that scurries along the ground.3 "Or suppose you unknowingly touch something that makes a person unclean. When you realize what you have done, you must admit your guilt.4 "Or suppose you make a foolish vow of any kind, whether its purpose is for good or for bad. When you realize its foolishness, you must admit your guilt.5 "When you become aware of your guilt in any of these ways, you must confess your sin. 6 Then you must bring to the Lord  as the penalty for your sin a female from the flock, either a sheep or a goat. This is a sin offering with which the priest will purify you from your sin, making you right with the Lord .*"But if you cannot afford to bring a sheep, you may bring to the Lord  two turtledoves or two young pigeons as the penalty for your sin. One of the birds will be for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering. 8 You must bring them to the priest, who will present the first bird as the sin offering. He will wring its neck but without severing its head from the body. 9 Then he will sprinkle some of the blood of the sin offering against the sides of the altar, and the rest of the blood will be drained out at the base of the altar. This is an offering for sin. 10 The priest will then prepare the second bird as a burnt offering, following all the procedures that have been prescribed. Through this process the priest will purify you from your sin, making you right with the Lord , and you will be forgiven.11 "If you cannot afford to bring two turtledoves or two young pigeons, you may bring two quarts* of choice flour for your sin offering. Since it is an offering for sin, you must not moisten it with olive oil or put any frankincense on it. 12 Take the flour to the priest, who will scoop out a handful as a representative portion. He will burn it on the altar on top of the special gifts presented to the Lord . It is an offering for sin. 13 Through this process, the priest will purify those who are guilty of any of these sins, making them right with the Lord , and they will be forgiven. The rest of the flour will belong to the priest, just as with the grain offering." [Procedures for the Guilt Offering] 14 Then the Lord  said to Moses, 15 "If one of you commits a sin by unintentionally defiling the Lord 's sacred property, you must bring a guilt offering to the Lord . The offering must be your own ram with no defects, or you may buy one of equal value with silver, as measured by the weight of the sanctuary shekel.* 16 You must make restitution for the sacred property you have harmed by paying for the loss, plus an additional 20 percent. When you give the payment to the priest, he will purify you with the ram sacrificed as a guilt offering, making you right with the Lord , and you will be forgiven.17 "Suppose you sin by violating one of the Lord 's commands. Even if you are unaware of what you have done, you are guilty and will be punished for your sin. 18 For a guilt offering, you must bring to the priest your own ram with no defects, or you may buy one of equal value. Through this process the priest will purify you from your unintentional sin, making you right with the Lord , and you will be forgiven. 19 This is a guilt offering, for you have been guilty of an offense against the Lord ."       Footnotes: 5:6 Or will make atonement for you for your sin; similarly in 5:10, 13, 16, 18. 7  5:11 Hebrew 1 10 of an ephah [2.2 liters].   5:15 Each shekel was about 0.4 ounces or 11 grams in weight.  
