[Procedures for the Peace Offering] 1 "If you present an animal from the herd as a peace offering to the Lord , it may be a male or a female, but it must have no defects. 2 Lay your hand on the animal's head, and slaughter it at the entrance of the Tabernacle.[a] Then Aaron's sons, the priests, will splatter its blood against all sides of the altar. 3 The priest must present part of this peace offering as a special gift to the Lord . This includes all the fat around the internal organs, 4 the two kidneys and the fat around them near the loins, and the long lobe of the liver. These must be removed with the kidneys, 5 and Aaron's sons will burn them on top of the burnt offering on the wood burning on the altar. It is a special gift, a pleasing aroma to the Lord .6 "If you present an animal from the flock as a peace offering to the Lord , it may be a male or a female, but it must have no defects. 7 If you present a sheep as your offering, bring it to the Lord , 8 lay your hand on its head, and slaughter it in front of the Tabernacle. Aaron's sons will then splatter the sheep's blood against all sides of the altar. 9 The priest must present the fat of this peace offering as a special gift to the Lord . This includes the fat of the broad tail cut off near the backbone, all the fat around the internal organs, 10 the two kidneys and the fat around them near the loins, and the long lobe of the liver. These must be removed with the kidneys, 11 and the priest will burn them on the altar. It is a special gift of food presented to the Lord .12 "If you present a goat as your offering, bring it to the Lord , 13 lay your hand on its head, and slaughter it in front of the Tabernacle. Aaron's sons will then splatter the goat's blood against all sides of the altar. 14 The priest must present part of this offering as a special gift to the Lord . This includes all the fat around the internal organs, 15 the two kidneys and the fat around them near the loins, and the long lobe of the liver. These must be removed with the kidneys, 16 and the priest will burn them on the altar. It is a special gift of food, a pleasing aroma to the Lord . All the fat belongs to the Lord .17 "You must never eat any fat or blood. This is a permanent law for you, and it must be observed from generation to generation, wherever you live."       Footnotes:a.   3:2 Hebrew Tent of Meeting; also in 3:8, 13.  
